How in-depth the studies are and how planned the teachers are to teach the subjects, most are prepared with what they are going to teach and you can see their passion in the way they teach. There needs to be a standardised template for powerpoints and slides and also how they design moodle and where they place items. I have found that each course has different structures and settings and i am not sure if there has been a role out of powerpoints and slides that the teachers should be using?.
Knowledge / passion of teachers. The foreigner: australian student ratio is way too drastic. As an australian, I feel like I am studying in another country.
Placement.
I have completed some fascinating and engaging courses over the years that had some great teachers! I only completed one course this year which was just fine!. UNSW needs to fund its Arts Departments/ Degree. This course suffers from a lack of options and a very under resourced and underfunded staff. I think there is a lot of potential but it's clear that Arts is not valued at UNSW which is disappointing.
The flexibility of being able to pick elective subjects that align with my interests. Accessible resources and textbooks need to be more available. Having classes offered in more than one term. Trimesters not allowing for a depth of understanding a subject - it's too quick and feels like we just scratch the surface of every topic.
Going in placement and learning about the different disciplines of medicine. More practice exams for the biomed final at the end of this year.
Probably the tutorials and the interactive components where groups are able to share idea and learn off each other. The cost. The cost of classes has gone up significantly, especially during covid where the capacity to learn was greatly diminished.
The legal subjects are the best in this degree. It provides context and the reasons as to why the criminal justice system is the way it is. There needs to be more focus on other groups that touch the criminal justice system. There is far too much emphasis on First Nations people. Whilst there is justification for the inclusion of this group, they are not the only group. Basically I feel this is degree is an decolonising and First Nations people degree. I have spoken with many other students who all feel the same. The reality is that the criminal justice system touches many groups and all must be considered. This degree needs to be more diverse and inclusive. There are also many irrelevant subjects that were not clear where the topic was going. Also the constant 'reflecting' needs to be limited to one subject. It's repeated over and over in other subjects where students want to learn the material, no consistently 'reflect' on it. Critically analyse, yes, but not this constant circular 'reflecting'.
My exchange. Funding for the exchange. If a year exchange is compulsory, there should be a budget given to students instead of offering a $7000 loan they need to pay back indexed on hex.
The electives. Need to foster more of a sense of belonging.
My peers. The admin.
Classes where the professors were enthusiastic in teaching the course, and dedicated to helping to students to understand and apply these concepts to the industry. Some more direction for learning. Would be good to have better marking guidelines for assessments, and for examinations, to be given some/more practice questions related to the course, beyond typical course notes or tutorials.
Support from other research faculty, students and staff. More students participating in the program.
The friends/classmates I've met. The study spaces as it needs more quiet spaces and more spots with charging. The civil engineering building needs refurbishment.
The teachers! Amazing professors. The courses themselves, and the structure of the courses.
Detecting the use of AI. A professor wrongly accused me of using ChatGPT even when I had proof.
The lecturers that I had this year taught well, and also structured the course in a way that was easy to understand. Online resources were also easy to access and comprehensive, enabling remote study.My supervisors for my honours project were also extremely supportive and amazing to work with. Sometimes assessments were conducted at inappropriate hours.
The people I've met and the diversity of teachers. The structure of the assessments- less essays and more engaging work.
The wide variety of authors and theories we discuss. The freedom to focus on topics we are interested in. The structure of some courses are a bit convoluted.
The lecturers are always fantastic and are very passionate about their areas of study. I would say there should be more resources for theory students as we are the minority and do not use the practical spaces so it would be really useful if we had programs to understand the library system and areas were we can write and have support.
Really good teaching staff interesting courses fairly challenging. Nothing at the moment seems fair and good.
The part where I get to be a doctor at the end of it. The biomed campus days.
That you are creating content that can be used outside of class. Classes could be more shorter and more succinct. Repetition occurs a lot.
Attending lectures in person (this has been especially important to my study), the learning community I feel apart of in my tutorials and the friends I have made over the course of my study. Not cutting courses or general funding for the arts. This is a major problem for the ADA Faculty and the humanities in general. I have seen some of my excellent tutors be fired over the course of my degree, and their colleagues suffer that loss as a staff unit. The arts are imperative to the university, and the centre of all learning.
Flexibility, interesting, varied and diverse range of courses. Clarity around course progression.
The best aspects have been the field trips/lans/interactive classes where you are able to have a taste of field work. More interaction with the students in third year to give guidance on honours and career paths.
The ability to talk to and work with people I know who'll be very successful in their fields down the line. Probably the social cohesion aspect! Not being in block sections like Law students made it really hard for part-time workers like me to connect with people outside of societies, which weren't the type of people I'd get along with anyway.
The opportunity to connect with an audience in an exhibition. Studio spaces, course structures, expenses, resources provided and timeframes of final year subjects (too short).
Learning practical interviewing skills for clients, as this will be most relevant to jobs in clinical psychology. I also loved Prof. [specified name removed] [specified name removed] Honours elective workshop on The Psychology of Effective Presentations, I felt it was super engaging, class discussions were insightful, and the content was very relevant to everyday life. With the Honours year, there is no feedback on how you are ranked compared to your peers during the year, such as with the coursework. This makes it difficult for me to know how well I'm going, such as if I am on track for First Class, as I don't know where I sit compared to the cohort.
Meeting people and learning more about my program and how it can be applied to real life aspects and scenarios. Resources and accessibility.
Interesting electives that build on critical thinking skills and how to go about best science practice. Career development. It feels like if you don't get a first class mark during your honours year, you can't seem to go anywhere in psychology.
Being able to experience placement which has allowed for a practical element of learning. The fact that placement is not paid work makes it difficult for students who are not financially secure.
Learning interesting topics and meeting like minded people. Cramming too many topics into limited amount of time and lack of peer evaluation in group assessments.
Learning about self care, ethical reflection, and how to be a better listener. Ensure class participation from more than a handful of students.
Placement. Structure of courses (e.g. need longer lecture to cover all the content).
The diversity in courses. The inconsistency between course content with different lecturers and tutors.
N/a. No practical use, little to none skills learnt for job seeking, especially the marketing major.
Extracurricular bcom opportunities e.g., mentoring etc. Access to textbooks without having to pay extra on top of tuition feesInformation about majors and career opportunities of these.
The best part was honestly the whole philosophy faculty and the visual psychology team [specified name removed] [specified name removed] [specified name removed] etc). They are very understanding and accommodating as a deaf student. They teach in a way that is easy to understand and make accommodations for me that allow me to be comfortable. The fact that for the most part psychology final exams do not cover material in lectures and reference readings that we did not have. Also most of the profs (minus visual psych ones) have sucked at implementing my needs with my ELP like ensuring slides and information is up prior to lectures.
Open book assessments. Trimesters too high emphasis on class participation.
Trying new things. Relevance to career, skills needed in workplace.
Finding other who have similar mindsets to me and values. Also getting to be exposed to so many new lived experiences from others. The last year schedule needs improvement. The way that the classes for thesis is structured was not very helpful as many students are halfway through the thesis right now and we only just had a seminar of an intro to the thesis.
The passionate course convenors and instructions that have a lot of experience and wide range of knowledge that enjoy what they're teaching. The hands on work we get to participate in labs. The types of courses we do I find are not as relevant to our end career or provide us with much knowledge. I think it would be more helpful to do more anatomy courses not just learn about how to interact with people. I find a lot of courses can be quite repetitive from previous. Also the amount of weighting and types of assessment on some courses are ridiculous. Having to do multiple quizzes each week from 3 different courses plus multiple vivas and assessed pracs is so hard to manage. And the marking from some of the courses is very harsh when criteria is very broad and not explained well.
The teaching staff. Nothing that I can think of.
The best aspects of my program has been the wide selection of subjects within my degree. I have had the opportunity to study subjects related to the career I want to pursue in policy and analysis, whilst also challenging myself with the more mathematical elements and theory of economics as a whole. To improve I think there needs to be more incentive to attend classes and engage. Often class work is just going through homework questions where the solutions are released online afterwards. Beyond this, some of the subjects are way too content heavy and could be split up more evenly over the weeks.
Learning environment which includes friends and good facilities. Some lecturers are not helpful, some struggle to communicate and some set unrealistic standards when a whole class cannot achieve the task in a timeframe.
The tutors that are full of passion and help inspire you and push you to your potential. Better spaces for studio classes, e.g quality of air temp inside.
BABS faculty lecturers and Biological sciences labs. CHEM1011 teaching, CHEM1021 teaching and MATH1031 teaching. The subjects are not enjoyable and difficult to learn.
The internships and placements opportunity that UNSW has provided for us. None.
Clearer course outlines for some units - especially for assignment briefs and a clear guideline for a marking criteria for some units to ensure everyone is held to the same standard and there are minimal variables when marking.
The teaching staff are excellent. They are incredibly passionate and eager to help students both with the course work and with external areas of interest as well. Consistency. While I have been doing the degree, there has been a lot of changes which have made things more complicated and difficult than they should be at times.
The assessment have been well spaced out. The teachers need to come up with more innovative way to deliver content. No more just reading off PPT please.
The mandatory subjects should be removed. And lecturers should be more engaging.
The best aspects is that it is located at ADFA, which avoids many of the antisocial tendencies of most universities now a days. We desperately need more course options (at UNSW Canberra they have recently been cut back). I could barely do three courses of one major in a semester, and have decided to do all my mandatory courses this year in the hope that next year might actually have some of the courses that were advertised to me by the university when I accepted the offer.
Placement opportunities. Spread of content throughout all four years. Years one and two were not specific to exercise physiology at all.
Integrated learning, lots of group activities. Scheduling and structure of the course.
Engaging lecturers. More engaging tutorials less focus on assignments.
Being able to engage with people who are in the industry and giving there personal professional journey as it provides insight into what to expect once we graduate.
The campusThe coursesSome lecturers. Very repetitive ie: project charters, group charters.
The final 3rd year subjects actually feel applicable to the skills and knowledge needed for the workforce. Finding ways to bring the cohort together more.
Practical class.
Having tutors who have experience in the field, and them being very open to students asking questions and gaining support. Some tutors could be clearer on assignments, especially in the rubric.
Learning about a wide range of research topics. More help learning how to write certain assessments, especially in first year.
Decent structure and lecture recordings available. Use of online quizzes as an assessment is helpful. The assessments do tend to be fairly frequent and somewhat overwhelming and the large lectures make it hard to find people for groupwork if you do not have friends in that class.
I have enjoyed the variety of classes that I get to take. I enjoyed the opportunity for an internship, as well as learning from people who are currently working in research and social science fields.
Coming across passionate tutors who know they're course materials really well and teach it in a very easy format. Eg by making hard concepts easy to understand. The excessive use of group assignment which most cases negatively affects a students mark as they have to take on extra work and have group members that are a burden.
Professors and tutors having real industry experience in Journalism. Subjects need to be more diversified, often feel repetitive.
Some courses- Ability to choose electives and major.   Structure of some courses.
Learning new skills. Teaching and course management.
The best aspects would be diving deeper into my chosen majors and having more time spent on learning about things I  have interest in. The aspect that needs the most improvement would be the layout of the Moodle or chosen website courses are with. Sometimes the layout of the course is not well written with there being too much information in certain tabs.
Working with others. Teacher support.
Small cohort size at the rural campuses. Rural campuses don't get enough support from the lecturers and staff that are based in Sydney.
The structure of the law program is very well set out and the emphasis on class participation results in an excellent environment to learn in. I have found the assessments and content challenging but rewarding and feel like I am learning greatly beneficial things for my future career.
Getting to meet new people and experience more of uni life. Courses relating to my media degree have definitely changed the way I think about things and view life around me in a relatively positive way as well. It has been difficult starting uni post covid but since then I have developed a lot as a person, gotten much better at independent work and study and overall managing my time and life as a whole. The majority of the course was fine. I understand this course is no longer offered now and it was relatively confusing having to find out about this in my second year when I wanted to look at my classes. I think communication with the students could be better on course code changes and the discontinuation of degrees as it would have saved me lots of confusion and panic within that first year and a bit.
Learning about the content, a lot of the lectures or tutors are engaging and help you learn effectively. More experience clinically and having more placements earlier in the degree instead of till third year Some courses feel irrelevant and could've been replaced with more clinical experience and understanding.
The mixture of my degree and applying to my job. Some of the lecturers need to change and also some of the content is too focused on history and not practicality.
The best aspects were consistency in between courses in terms of assignments so That I can apply what I've learnt in other courses to the work I'm doing in present and future courses. The lecture recordings should be more consistent in terms of quality and mandating the lecturers to use the mic at all times even if the few attending could hear them. I also believe that the assignments should be communicated more clearer intents of the rubric with more details instead of generic criteria.
Interacting with different people studying different things. Learning a lot of soft skills that I can't develop well in engineering alone. Some courses seem to be vague and have little direction in what exactly they are trying to teach. Some courses had lots of class discussions and were interactive but had little content to learn.
The program covers a wide range of specialities that have given me a good understanding of what specific field I might like to go into in the workforce. It has been a challenging yet rewarding program so far. There isn't anything that comes to mind instantly, as the course is generally structured well. If anything, it can be difficult to plan out what electives to choose as UNSW has trimesters, and some courses are only offered for one out of three terms during a year.
Having sufficient time to learn instead of cramming so much information.
Meeting friends that I've maintained since Stage 1 and being able to meet/study together in and out of class with them throughout my studies.Some demonstrators/tutors were very nice, approachable and helpful. Some lecturers were difficult to understand as recorded lectures didn't include captions or the lecture slides didn't contain enough information.
Hybrid mix of classes online and in campus helps manage lifestyle with work and study. Assessment and course outlines. More online options for classes. Less free electives when doing a single major or greater business choices for free electives such as management or banking basics courses.
Self and independent learning and learning to communicate. Consistency across studios.
Meeting new people, learning in the labs and utilising proper equipments and working with cadavers. The structure of some courses need to be changed to fit one trimester (10 weeks) instead of fitting into one of two semesters (14 weeks). I would also like more feedback on my assignments as the lecturers simply marked based on the marking rubric instead of showing me how I'd actually get a higher marks or where I missed out on marks.
Mates and colleagues, having collaborative activities. Group stuff. Good grades. Realistic test prep. More guidance, especially if it is a 3rd yr student doing a 4th yr subject.
The course structure has been good, and having online classes allows my timetable to be more flexible. It hard to transition from online to face to face so suddenly. This has been the hardest past that I have experienced, as most classes have now become in person.
Getting to study a diverse range of different design disciplines  in my one degree. Very hands on studios. Studio classes are too long, studio classes are often too similar with their brief.
Industry placements are the best part, gives me exposure to the real world, teaches corporate etiquette and shapes my direction of what I want to do in the future. Most of the courses don't teach us any important hard skill. Just lots of fancy words building on common sense.
Helpful lecturers and tutors for all of my classes. Proving more feedback for assignments and getting results back in a timely manner.
The best aspect about my program is the internships they provide at industry leaders allowing us to develop work related skills that are essential for the work force. The most improvement that the program requires is communicating with the students more in an informal setting such as little catch ups with different streams.
The collaborative aspect of it. My courses have often required creativity, which I have enjoyed participating in with other students. The level of teaching varies quite drastically. Some tutors are amazing and genuinely care about the course and our learning, whilst others are very disengaged and barely teach.
Learning more about Medical Science in general, and the content relevant to my future career path. Additionally, the content I have learnt has also been interesting to me as well, which has been another positive aspect. The course is very well structured and all the required courses are relevant to the degree, so I am unsure what should be improved.
The different majors provided, very broad learning areas that are interesting. Workload isn't demanding and it's easy to catch up on content. Content can be a bit repetitive sometimes and the real life applications are lacking a bit. Across courses the content can overlap so it feels like a waste of money. Also a lot of group work in B.Com, often with international students where it is harder to communicate effectively. Less weighting on group tasks would be good.
Being able to connect with like minded people and expand my learning on a greater level. Being able to learn and do things ive never done before is amazing. I cant think of anything much for media, im very happy with it.
The facilities and having access to many different studio spaces for practice. I also enjoy the environment of the Paddington campus and the way it fosters a positive and welcoming attitude in both students and staff. I feel that some improvement needs to be made with accessing some spaces. e.g. it is often difficult to gain access to spaces allocated by the resource centres. (e.g. the film development labs and the 2 hour slots - this then is complicated as the space is often very full, making it difficult to produce work).
Degree needs to be more streamlined. Need more opportunities to meet people doing the same degree, as it's very hard to do so on a daily basis.
I love that many course and concepts somewhat link together. Also, I like how it practices public speaking.   More enthusiastic, engaging and knowledgeable lecturers/tutors need to be brought in. Instead of implementing compulsory lectures, tackle the issue of absentees by introducing educators who are actually passionate and know what they're teaching. - Many lecturers tend to just waffle to reach the 2 hours mark.- There needs to be a better support system for studies, as PASS classes are usually held when I'm in another INFS class.- There is too much weighing on group tasks for every single course. This means my WAM tanks as a result of freeloaders in my group, which is hard to avoid since we don't know each other when we first start the course.- There is a lack of community in Information Systems. Educators do not facilitate activity in a space where students should be comfortable to speak up on forums and engage with other peers socially.- CoP needs to be removed. Participation marks are immensely subjective and tutors never really record such engagement. The implementation of these marks force students to waste tutorial time on making random statements that every student who has at least attended the lecture or read the slides already knows.Overall, I feel that there is no existing sense of community and willing/natural engagement in and outside the classroom for the Information Systems program. - For reference, Computer Science has a great forum community with students who are passionate for programming, due to enthusiastic professors. They also have many study and employability support systems.
The degree has a wide range of classes you are able to choose from which allows me to explore fields I am more passionate about. Further, due to its flexibility, I am able to choose classes and courses that match with my own schedule and interests. Some aspects that need the most improvement would be the teamwork skills in the course. As most economic courses are focused on more independent work, it would be nice to see a little bit more of team assignments to build our teamwork skills.
The best aspects of the degree have been the courses that I can tell have course coordinators that put in a lot of care and effort into organising and considering the cohort's mental. Being able to experience these courses is the highlight of my degree as it makes my learning as streamlined and comfortable as possible. I think having courses that all mostly use moodle instead of mixed platforms would be better as sometimes it can be difficult to track information.
When hands on learning is provided. One of the courses it was very hard to practice for exams as the exams were practical, we only had access to those labs during class time where we had to learn and very few optional labs which made it really hard to study for a exam worth 50% of the course.
Friendly staff. Meeting and connecting with other students.
The best aspects are probably the students you meet along the way, since we study very similar degrees we are able to assist each other in class and have bonding moments over similar courses. I have also really appreciated certain tutors, while few, have gone above and beyond in their teaching. The aspects that need the most improvement includes the courses. A lot of the courses combine a multitude of different majors which results in a lack on in-depth exploration of any. Many courses feel like they lack a solid focus and typically only focus on theory which does not offer any real world application or even useful skills.
The cohort is rather small so I have had the opportunity to form connections to most of the people within it. Classes, especially studio classes, really do promote a sense of community and group learning so I really do feel like part of a close knit community. I think that some of the classes have been challenging in that their delivery was not clear whether it be confusing assessment briefs or convoluted noodle pages. Additionally, Architecture can be very expensive when taking into account the cost of printing large A0 panels or model making. I think an improvement in those facilities: e.g. ensuring that there are more than 2 large format printers and that they don't break/don't charge us if the panels don't print.
My MATH2400 lecturer [specified name removed] [specified name removed] and being put in a situation where I have to challenge myself to grow as a person. Needs to have more interactions between lecturers and students, and they need to provide more support to their students (i.e replying to emails faster, providing help to students with assignments and exams in a non-judgmental way), making it less stressful and anxiety driven for students to pass (i.e. removing or becoming more lenient with a 40% final exam pass hurdle).
Learning new skills and content. Course does not allow much flexibility with classes , many in person classes that require students to attend uni 4 days a week in person.
Lecturers from the Nutrition/ Dietetics program itself [specified name removed] and [specified name removed] are very enthusiastic and fantastic lecturers. They are succinct, easy to understand and easy to approach. Lecturers from other courses are not as easy to understand, and pacing of subjects is not great. Pacing of some subjects is very fast and hard to stay on top of. This is most likely due to the trimester structure of UNSW. Additionally, some of the subjects in the course felt like they were irrelevant in the professional field of nutrition/dietetics. Some subjects didn't feel relevant and I struggled to identify how it could develop my professional career.
The ability to integrate internships as part of my degree gives me the opportunity to apply learnings in the actual workplace, and better understand what the career entails. Some of the organisation of certain classes and internship requirements could be improved, due to a general difficulty to locate and access certain resources.
Possibly the extra-curriculars and integrated learning whilst i did my degree. The workload is too much for a 3 course term.
The best aspects of the Bachelor of Design program was definitely the social aspect. The cohort and structure of the class encouraged social engagement and allows students to easily network. The structure of classes and assessments needs to be reevaluated, the electives/ specialisations of classes are quite good and intuitive, but a lot of the general education classes are quite repetitive and need major improvement as assessment tasks and content is quite repetitive and hard to integrate into your portfolio and professional space. I also would suggest to add an internship unit, or more units with how to integrate yourself into the industry as a student.
The courses and electives offer a wide array of different subjects. The teachers, some can be rude and quick.
Content is very interesting and practical. More organised.
The people and learning community. Enrolment processes most of the engineering courses are full.
Learning from industry experts and having insight of how theory plays out in social work practice. Ensuring that all students are contributing equally to group assignments and are actively involved in design of group assessments.
Being able to learn more about content that I am passionate about. The assignments and explanations of content as it can be quite rushed.
Consistency, focus on education and improving student understanding rather than reducing workload for staff, providing feedback, more transparency in marking process, better handling of grievances, especially those made against staff.
The organisation of resources on my unsw and moodle. Easy to find information for each course in the course outline and the set of moodle has been helpful in navigating assessments and course requirements. Although the tutors are very educated and intelligent, some tutors don't seem to harness the ability to teach which can be difficult to learn these complex ideas.
The online lectures. The biweekly quizzes so you stay on track and up to date. The final exam being weighed so heavily and the compulsory in person labs.
The freedom to study my interest and the level of support and mentorship from the faculty. At times, the organisation of courses need improvement as they can be hard to follow, particularly on moodle.
Learning environment. Nothing.
The structure of teaching. More clinical work in year 1 and 2.
Learning what I am interested in. Course structure.
Rural clinical school.
The tutors and convenors are beneficial, caring, considerate, and knowledgeable. I feel that I have learned a lot from them as well as my fellow students. It's been a joyful time of learning and developing my skills and knowledge. More financial assistance during placement. It was a very stressful time as student.
The best aspects have been the support and engagement from tutors and educators. You feel like part of a community and everyone is passionate about their own and others work. I have progressed so much this year and it is all thanks to the excellent tutor engage, help and program structure. I am grateful for the opportunity and space to try so many different disciplines and techniques to making and the facilities and resources are so foundational to make that reality!. Hard question. I would probably say the expenses of providing your own materials for a lot of subjects. It can become very expensive on the side of paying for mandatory material kits. But the reduced student prices for machines and equipment is very helpful.
The knowledgeable tutors and faculty peers. It needs more relevant to life experience rather than the history.
Learning new concepts. Took a finance and accounting topic last term. Very engaging and interesting. No issues so far.
In-person learning is quite prioritised, which has been excellent - e.g. no recorded videos like my previous degree in science, more emphasis on coming to lectures and tutorial on campus. Some of the teaching. Courses don't feel like they can be challenging enough - something to do with trimester format, possibly, with the limit on the number of assessments. So in a couple of courses it has felt like we aren't being tested according to the knowledge / content being taught...
Hands on/ field work components tied to an assessment because they feel the most relevant to working in industry and equipping me with both the technical and people based skills I need to excel in the workplace post University. Maybe inclusion of more industry visits and guest lecturers discussing careers after uni to not only motivate students but make the content feel a little more real world applicable.
Honestly, my favourite part of my degree program is the diversity of learning. Throughout the required and suggested courses in my degree, I've been able to learn about sociology, psychology and international politics as well as social work itself. Not only does this allow me a more diverse education, but gives me a wider breadth of knowledge to apply to my future work as a social worker. I've also been able to meet and befriend people from a wide array of backgrounds, which feels special to me as someone from a small and homogenous country town. Overall, I'm extremely happy with the course. Something that could maybe be improved is the fact that coursework is often shared across required courses, which can contribute to a sense of repetition.
SocialAcademicNew experiencesAccess to volunteering. Field trips in courses which are already incredibly expensive in an increasingly expensive world cost hundreds of dollars. The food and campsites included are not worth hundreds of dollars, and transport is often not included. Tuition is already being paid for. Excess fees like this are unfair.
It is engaging because of its smaller class , instead of the a larger cohort. Overall i think that 11 weeks of learning isn't enough for one  course it felt rushed.
Interacting with people who are in the field themselves was very memorable for me. it was interesting to see how they applied their experiences while teaching. At times, the way that the courses are structured are convoluted, either due to there being too many assignments or them not being explained concisely enough.
The opportunity to meet new people and learn content concerning diverse topics (data, finance, accounting). More directly applicable to work; many of the courses seem designed only to unnecessarily lengthen the degree.
The amount of major assignments are fair. Some advanced courses require prerequisite knowledge which makes it disadvantageous for the students who did not study prior to the subject.
The best aspects of the Bachelor Degree of Science are the assessment tasks, especially the mobius-based tests which relieve the pressure of the final exam. Aspects of the program that need most improvement is that there should be group tasks as it allows more social interaction within the classes.
Being able to meet new people and people who I have been able to remain friends with over the last couple of terms. For me personally I found it a little bit frustrating that most of the courses for my major wasn't offered till the last term.
AVIA1111 and flight selection. Relevance of some courses such as science communication and the math courses.
I enjoyed learning about finance and micro economics also there is a lower in person time commitment plus work load when compared to my other degree (engineering) which meant I was able to focus more on the more time demanding subjects whilst not sacrificing my commitment to commerce courses. Some of the courses feel unrelated/ unstructured e.g comm1120 is about collaboration. Whilst I feel this is important I feel it should not be a mandatory course.
The course layout, help from the nucleus student hub in working out what to do and how to schedule classes, flexibility, some lecturers. Some organisation/ clarity in some courses that may be be less organised than others, learning how to self direct learning and manage study schedule.
Learning chemistry and biology that's relevant for me in the futureMeeting people that have similar interests in my program Interacting with lecturers who are enthusiastic about their contentHaving some food related subjects so I can learn the fundamentals of food rather than only doing scienceGreat course lead who inspired me to stay in dietetics and make this my career. Some courses we've taken definitely need to be organised better It would be nice if we could choose some electives cause it's nice for all the graduates to have some different qualities they've developed.
Developing new skills and views, meeting new people, interactive with and learning from tutors. Support outside of classroom.
Meeting new people and being able to do experiments and understand certain topics. N/a.
Being introduced to new forms of thinking and a vast variety of literature. Delving deeper into readings in tutorials.
I honestly enjoyed a particular course (COMM1110) which taught us the basics of Excel, a relevant tool for my future career. Relevance. The First Year Integrated Course structure at UNSW feels like a huge gamble for money, I would have never wanted to pursue it at UNSW if I knew I would be taking subjects like COMM1150 which bear very little relevance to what I want to do. It's a waste of time, I'd rather jump straight into majors rather than being forced to pay through the nose for a year to learn subjects that are just common sense apart from a few.
The workshop facilities and staff are always very helpful during the end of term. The online exam platforms that they use and the schedule of assignment throughout the term across classes could be better managed.
Being able to meet like minded individuals. Having an online platform with recourses.Well structured schedule.Ability to choose timetable. Some lecturers do not teach that well. However, for the most part, most have taught well.
Clinical Skills, doctors as teachers, hands on classes. Teaching us university study techniques. Quality of facilitators and some lecturers (hard to understand). More practice questions.
Getting to meet likeminded people and see what my degree entails. The lecturers, sometimes they're difficult to understand and I find in one particular course I took that the lectures were not helpful at all and the lecturer was not very supportive or actively trying to help us learn.
Interactive tutorials, wide range of class types. Questionable relevance of some commerce courses.
Learning in a physical environment with peers, practicals to put theory into context. Idk I don't have complaints.
Getting to make new friends. The content is sometimes not useful.
Getting to work with a range of people. More description and focus on the first year courses (greater understanding of how they apply majors).
Each course has a clear focus.Face to face seminars are more engaging than the common course layout of lecture then tutorial. It is assumed by the teacher that everyone has done the readings, which means time is not lost to explaining them and more relevant questions can be asked.
Additional programs and faculty involvement in career development. Online nature of lectures - not enough engagement.
The small cohort which fostered really great friendships. Some instruction and courses did not feel very relevant.
Learning various aspects of the course. More engagement with students and learning material.
It has provided a range of possible courses for me to take that teach me a variety of skills and knowledge. Digital Studio 2 did not reach me as much about sound design and sound editing as I was hoping it would.
Getting to do so much hands on laboratory work to apply the theory practically, aiding my understanding of topics I couldn't quite grasp before. Moodle.
The classes. Some assignment outlines are very vague.
I've really enjoyed engaging with course materials through the lectures and how interactive the lecturers are. I also like the ways we are encouraged to think critically and express out opinions verbally. I believe the amount of readings are somewhat unrealistic for the average uni student who is most likely balancing work and study.
The best aspects of the Bachelor of vision science degree have been the ability to interact with new people from all over the state and country. As well as, the practical and laboratory work that has incorporated throughout the course, making it engaging and eventful. The amount of information given out during lectures, as some information can be irrelevant to assessment tasks. As well as, explanations for tutorial questions can be a bit rushed which hinders understanding.
The tutors. Having more diverse first year courses.
I enjoyed how structured the course is and that the knowledge from a class will be directly built upon as you continue the program. Possibly being more engaging in lectures and doing different types of assessments?.
The program is very involved and challenges students with projects that are closer towards the field of study, giving a very strong foundation to a future career path in the design and architectural industry. Although the workload was heavy and challenging, I enjoyed learning about the discipline. Tutorials are typically quite engaging and tutors often speak to students one on one about their progress and development. From my experience as a student with a neurological disability, staff have all been very understanding and considerate towards my condition and tried to help me in the ways that they could. Even if situations did not go well for me, I could tell that most of them had good intentions. The program in regards to structure and timing is quite inflexible. Often times, lectures and tutorials are only held at one timing per week, meaning students have to reorganise their daily timetables and activities to revolve around uni. This is quite inconvenient for students who have jobs or other appointments during the day, or students who live far from campus and have to commute, as they cannot select alternate class timings to suit them. In addition to this, the overall program is very structured, with lots of courses that require the completion of prerequisite courses. However, sometimes, only specific courses are offered during the term. This means that if students were to slightly differ from the sample program layout, their future progression could be significantly affected. In my case, with my disability, I struggle a lot with the heavy workload and find it hard to get good grades when taking all of the required courses. Yet, the consequences of dropping a single course could stunt my course enrollment for the following terms. Another aspect of the program that affected me is communication with staff. With my condition, I am granted learning adjustments to have more flexibility around task deadlines, but only upon agreement with the course convener. During the year, some of my conveners were very responsive, which really helped me. But some did not respond to my emails in time, or at all, which not only affected my stress levels, but also prevented me from having my extensions implemented and thus impacted my performance and grades in certain tasks.
As part of my degree experience so far, engaging in clubs and societies as a subcommittee member and through events has been one of the most fulfilling aspects as I have been able to interact with like minded students and develop soft skills such as networking and problem solving and technical skills through case competitions. In my experience, some rooms and venues throughout campus have been lacking in terms of equipment and consistent Wi-Fi connection which has especially impacted my experience as a Bachelor of Information Systems student who needs access to an efficient network to complete class activities.
Being able to do higher level maths. More of a bridge between first year and second year.
The interactive tutorials. Some lectures are poorly executed.
I enjoy the weekly labs and assignments.
I enjoyed the PPE specific class that's taken in term 1. The lecturers were engaging. I would rather have more classes that integrate all three aspects. I loved learning economics and politics but I only really enjoyed philosophy when learning in relation to the other two subjects. The division between all these 3 classes makes the course not really seem concise or connected.
All the tutor and lecturers are willing to help me with whatever problems I am encountering, either with my work or sometimes issued when submitting. I think sometimes there are some irrelevant course that could be cut for my first year, since I enrolled into one and it was just talking about theoretical sides about data and find it not very useful towards my future work or study.
The teaching team is really good, helps me to understand clearer compared to some of the teaching team in bachelor of media. I feel very engaged with my commerce degree and it is more fun for me. I think there needs to be a bit more open community, so that i can easily connect with more people rather than everyone already being in their own groups.
The best aspects of my Bachelor of Arts program is the content of the courses including a wide range of topics to cover all areas of interest while focusing on certain areas and providing a good range of learning areas. I think the content presentation and assessments are very well done it is just mostly with receiving feedback that hasn't been the most helpful to me.
The collaboration between peers and external societies that offer guidance. Some course structures could be revised to be mire clear and concise content.
Meeting new people from different schools and areas. The course is overall great as it is very different from high school subjects. I believe the class schedules need to be more available. This is because, most of us have a part-time job and we want to make our timetable efficient as possible.
Learning something new and really utilising what we learn practically. Some of the lecturers don't effectively explain the course they teach meaning catch up is needed.
The best aspects of this degree is the community built within the cohort. With a small cohort of around 35 students, everyone feels accepted and it's easier to engage in class and with each other. Another aspect is the support networks we have in this course, that is the tutors and lecturers. The aspect that needs the most improving is how assessment tasks are introduced and more clarification is needed on details of the assessment and how they are graded.
Being able to collaborate with a diverse group of students of different age groups and backgrounds. Having access to rehearsal spaces and technology for staging. The practical aspects of the BA program have been exciting and invigorating. Structure of the courses needs to be improved as does generally competency of the tutors. Some tutors have wrongly assigned marks or have produced an insufficient amount of feedback on assignments.
The labs! The extracurricular programs. Learning useful research skills.
1. Access to study spaces 2. Medical science society 3. Labs/ practicals. 1. Lectures.
Content is broken up in a comprehensible way over the term. Some content seems slightly irrelevant to my future work.
Learning physics. More organised tutors.
The friendly teachers and interactive tutorials. especially prof. [specified name removed] [specified name removed].
I have enjoyed working with others. The quality and digestibility of the information available regarding the 1 year mandatory exchange requires significant improvement.
The technical skills in drawing rather than going off imagination. More time spent on encouraging students to do workshops during class time.
Engaging with other people with intellectual, diverse and creative backgrounds. The course itself is very hands on which I enjoy as it can be challenging. More clearer instructions and allowing flexible time to do work.
So far, I have most enjoyed the biology/medical related subjects. I have found the chemistry subjects difficult, especially since it is not an area I want to pursue a career in.
Learning how to use programs and work efficiently. More structure for the courses.
The program had a decent mix of theory and practical work, but some parts felt a bit repetitive. While a few subjects were engaging, others didn't offer much beyond the basics. Some of the content could be more up-to-date with current industry practices. Additionally, there was a lack of advanced electives in certain areas of material science, and more real-world applications would have been beneficial.
The interaction between lecturers and students and the way lecturers emphasise on the importance of doing practices and exercise such as practical work instead of plainly learning off theory. A better introduction to the course and the assessment rather just asking us to refer to the course outline. Moreover, explaining technical terms rather than assuming we already have prior knowledge.
Well constructed lectures and lessons designed specifically to help us engage in the content we are learning such as EP tasks before, during and after classes. For courses such as BENV1015 and INTA3002, the prescribed texts in leganto are quite lengthy and difficult to read.
Best aspects in regards to learning methods would be collaborative tutorials which allows group work and hard questions to provoke different ways of thinking of how to solve each question. And further allowed me to adapt the different ways other may think and develop a greater knowledge, whiles also asking for further help from the tutor when clarification is needed.
Some class Moodle structures are rough.
The program has allowed me to explore multiple disciplines and the various ways their courses operate. I've enjoyed the chance to engage in different kinds of work and mental stimulation (i.e. critical analysis and writing in politics courses and mathematical analysis in economics). The PPE1001 course itself needs improvement. As an introduction to the course, while it logically makes sense to dive into the different disciplines and learn on the go, it was extremely difficult and confusing for students who had not been exposed to that kind of content to be expected to know of different schools of thought like realism without explicitly being taught. Some more structure to support students in making these connections independently would be extremely beneficial.
The course coordinator for Introduction to Civil Engineering was one of the best lectures I've had this entire year. Similarly, Engineering Mechanics tutorial assistance I received was very beneficial to my learning.The Maths and Physics support classes are really good for teaching everything I don't understand about a subject. All the math lecturers I've had I found very difficult to get stuff out of their lectures and I found I learnt everything about that subject on my own research.
Being able to engage with a range of students and lecturers over the semester. Additionally being given opportunities for further help. The feedback times (quicker).
Some of the more practical stuff like learning code and things like that were more engaging and interesting content, however they way its taught is lacking as we aren't told what does what. Group assignments and clarity on assignments. some of them lack clarity or become very lengthy in their explanation they lead to misinterpretation.
I enjoyed being able to take a flexible approach to my learning, and not having to choose a major in first year. Some lecturers clearly do not want to be there.
Collaboration and Teamwork with other like-minded students- The inclusion of both business and technology, creating a more wide intake of information and knowledge-  Industry relevant scenarios and problem solving that will be useful in future careers in the workplace.   Increasing opportunities for internships and experience- Updates in the curriculum to stay relevant with technology.
One of the best parts of the Food Science (Honours) program has been discovering the many career pathways it can lead to. The tutors, lecturers, and guest speakers have all been incredibly supportive, encouraging me to see the wide range of opportunities in the food industry. Their guidance has inspired me to think about the different ways I can contribute to the field. Also in my first year, I got to meet so many people outside of the food science course (like chemical engineering and engineering students). Through this, I made close connections with them and made social study groups to help me too. While the program provides valuable skills, there are times when certain courses make me question their relevance to Food Science before starting them. For instance, courses that focus heavily on coding can feel disconnected from the main focus of the degree. It would be helpful if, at the beginning of these courses, there was more explanation on how they are applicable to the field. This way, students could better understand the significance each course brings to their overall education and future careers.
Learning with fellow design students having to doing assessments with people you have never met before can be scary but a fun experience. Some tutor don't know how to teach.
In person lectures, getting to know my peers. Lab work doesn't seem that relevant and/or is not time efficient.
Early observation practical (Term 1), a condensed timetable for minimal days required on campus, small tutorials/classes, clear outline of course progression, spread out assessment task due dates. In-person meetings available with faculty members where a set office/staff room is expressed to students, greater assistance in explaining required documents and procedures before the first placement (particularly as it was so soon after starting).
Friendly staff. Class Participation should contribute less to my grade. Class Participation marks also very inconsistent.
Content and assessments are interesting to learn.
Need to be better at accommodating students with accessibility needs.
The support and teaching from supervisors. The hands-on clinical experience, in pre-clinic and with real patients. Upfront communication regarding future education (e.g. expected costs of 4th year, structure of 5th year).
Hurdles for final exams should be removed - really stressful for students especially when the final exams are hard to pass.
The courses taught in French help immensely with practicing the language. The creative writing courses do not showcase a great variety of works. Most examples are literary and deal with serious themes. There is nothing about writing for children or younger audiences, no comedic examples except for dark humour, nothing considered genre fiction such as crime, romance, or speculative work. I think students would benefit from a broader selection of works.
Challenging, diverse range of electives and initiatives, opportunities for competitions, fellowships, overseas electives etc. Flexibility, clarity around progression, and smoother enrolment processes.
The best aspect of my Economics program was how approachable and helpful the teaching staff were. Although it helped me realise that I don't want to take on Economics as a career, I am glad to have developed the critical thinking skills required for my career through my Economics course content. Towards the end of my degree we had a few closed book and in person economics exams. The only problem with closed book is the fact that it is a repeat of high school (memorising, etc). We live in a world that is ever changing and people's skills must be adaptable. Many things can either be looked up or learned on the job. Considering that it would be helpful for future economics students to atleast bring their notes to exams so that there's a higher focus on applying concepts instead of relying on memorisation.
I like the open-mindedness and type of people Media degrees attract which make for more genuine friendship-making and the ability to express my views meaningfully in ways that my Commerce degree can't allow. More practical connections to do in-course interaction and prompts from real media agencies outside of the special internship courses would be  beneficial for those that already have jobs on the side but want a different flavour in the industry.
Practicals help develop my understanding of concepts by seeing them in real life scenarios. Clearer feedback for assessment.
It's relevance to my professional career.
Ability to apply learning in practical situations, meeting other students. I believe it would be helpful to have prac earlier on in the degree to have experience in the classroom earlier on.
All lecturers are passionate and as such the content is engaging.There's a wide range of subjects that can be chosen which is nice. Room 518. The computers are at eye-level, which I understand is ergonomically correct, but it's hard to see the front of the room. The TVs at the side of the room do help a bit though, but when the demonstrator uses the whiteboard it's hard.
Being able to explore different fields of biomedical engineering. More support because sometimes there is a steep learning curve because of unspoken perquisites of courses.
The friendships and connections I have formed. The resources and knowledge of lecturers. The placements have also been very well-worth experiences which are a testament to UNSW connections.
WIL and lab internship. More explanation of honours and career options after graduating as well as support with finding jobs.
I get to practice a lot more critical thinking with innovating ideas and it's more practical learning which is always nice. So far it's pre good i just feel like there's a lot of group assignments at times and the assignments might take more time than wr have.
When the subjects are practical. Overload of theory that isn't practical.
The practical ability to build robots; however, often, courses that have this are also poorly run, leaving there little ability to gain a truly in-depth understanding. There is a general lack of regard for student wellbeing in engineering in that the courses are designed for students to get a 50% which places added stress on students that not only is it extremely difficult to get a decent grade but it is also a serious challenge to simply pass (majority but not all courses). There are too many professors or a/profs who write exams that have to be scaled wildly due to the information in the test not being taught, and this occurs repeatedly, even multiple times in the same course.most courses lack a good physical component which is disappointing, often they make mechatronics more about coding even though it a combination mostly mechanical with a bit of electrical and coding.
Meeting friends who support me when the teachers and course content prove unsupportive and difficult. Student support, grading/ feedback, course content, cost of learning, trimester structure.
N/A. N/A.
So hard and crowded like damn, how we meant to learn like this where r there seminars with small class sizes we were promised. Easier assignments.
In my commerce program I have enjoyed some courses that were more technical and worked on more specific skills. I have felt many courses were not that useful to me. However some courses, such as COMM3501, ECON3210, COMM1190 and COMM1140 were very useful and engaging. I think the entrepreneur courses were good and encouraging students to be innovative and creative and appreciate the inclusion of those in the degree. I think myself and other students I have spoken to agree that commerce courses should teach more skills rather than vague ideas or concepts. I have found the courses I like most are those that teach specific skills (R, financial maths and formulas) as I find these are much more worthwhile and the lessons I've learned are clear. While I do believe teaching students how to think is important, I think students I have spoken to become frustrated with courses when they dont feel that the content is valuable to them.
Online learning. Organisation of tutorial times and class assignments.
Better rooms and placement on campus. i don't like being in random rooms. dedicated english space.
Highly experienced and knowledgable lecturers. More variety in types of histories available to study.
Very academically challenging and supportive of growth. The connection between what we learn versus real life explanation.
Assignment.
The content/ readings are interesting. More class interaction.
More study resources, quality teaching that doesn't rush through content, creating a non-judgemental environment, a focus on developing law exam skills in the particular law topic we are learning (e.g. tutorials), practice questions with sample answers, more transparency on the marking process and how marks are given.
I really enjoyed how the Law program is done in seminars rather than traditional lecture/tutorials because it is more engaging and develops my understanding better. I think assessments also closely reflect what we have learnt in class.
Great lecturers [specified name removed] [specified name removed] and classes with diverse and friendly students. Range of resources and approachability for support from lecturers and convenors during exam periods and term time.
The original lecturer has gone on holidays so the BIOM1010 course was run poorly with little to no communication over assessment tasks that were vaguely ruled out. Some of the material linked back to quizzes that had a deadline in 2019 and the tutors weren't given enough time and resources to teach us how to make a model of an issue that was beyond our abilities.
Social aspect of tutorials, lots of class discussion. Lectures feel redundant, not necessary for assignments.
The course structure and detail of contents. Less group work.
The constant class discourse that accompanies all subjects that allows us to collaborate and conceptualise the content being taught, whilst also placing it into the current socio-cultural context. Whilst most of the content is contextually relevant and we have the opportunity to conceptually apply what we are learning to the current socio-cultural scene, it would be beneficial to have more opportunities to engage with real-world change making organisations.
Lecturers are knowledgeable. It is an in person in class. Stimulating and interesting content. Ensuring lecturers aren't overwhelmed and can keep to the course plan so certain classes with certain lecturers aren't behind other classes in content.
Learning about cybersecurity and useful tutorials.
Not many because I didn't enjoy my engineering courses. Too many lecturers and tutors whose English is poor. It's difficult to understand them.
The overall hands on aspect of applicable courses as well as the access to facilities like the makerspace. The class sizes for lectures and classes in general make the degree aspect feel impersonal as well as the fast paced approach.
Learning about how business links with technology. The tutors ability to teach course concepts. Some courses repeat the same theory on cybersecurity. The lecture slides are just huge information chunks that are not helpful.
I enjoy that this degree allows me to progress with a cohort so I can make bonds that allow us to form study groups, make friends and share relevant work experience. It makes the degree more pleasant when you have people continuously alongside you. There is very limited opportunity for feedback and to improve. There is no feedback for the final exam which is slightly absurd considering it makes up 60% of our grade each term. The assignments should be more evenly weighted.
The philosophy readings are diverse, interesting and well rounded. Both introductory courses were well structured. More philosophy course offerings for the later years would be good, particularly courses of feminist philosophy, Marxist philosophy or Nietzsche which are common in other universities would be nice.
Meeting people alike. Course resources.
Aspiring. More tutorials.
I love the lectures particularly; the teachers are very passionate and the ideas discussed  are intriguing. There's no forums attached to ask questions; the degree feels very independent to a fault.
The course that I've completed allowed me to have a more open viewpoint of my understanding of society, and the collaborative project that I participated in was such a great hands-on experience that allowed me to work in a field that I'm interested. The excessive reliance and use of AI was personally off-putting, and I didn't like having online classes as I prefered face-to-face learning.
Learning how to create stuff, more socializing. Homework that helps to better understand content and applications.
The multitude of resources and sessions to ensure students are able to effectively learn and understand material. Challenging yet doable content is also important for developing critical thinking skills. Improved mix of peers from diverse groups in group projects.
I love the equitable learning opportunities. I love the content it's very interesting and relevant to my course. Nothing.
The best aspect is the playconomic interactive textbook. It reiterates everything in the lecture but in visual text format. I really like how there are a lot of questions and answers on Polyconomics. I feel like there should be more tutorials and hands on activities in economics, not just independent learning.
This program has allowed students to get hands on experience with medicine making (e.g. moisturiser). I found that activity very interactive and it was a great reminder of how diverse pharmacy is as a profession.
Group aspects and hands on aspects of the degree have been my favourite as I've been able to connect with other students bettering my experience as a whole as I've gotten to connect with all different types of people and intellects working on groups sharing opinions etc the hands of components such as compounding was especially fun. I think the study help aspects and revision aspects to help prepare for assessments.
The tutors are very hands on and supportive, as well as relatable. More help sessions at the start of the course rather than when assignment is released.
The assessments are very fun to do and they encourage creativity by making the requirements more vague and general so that you can fit your own creative twist on your project. I think some of the labs should try to be a bit more engaging, and try focus on learning a variety of moving image techniques including 2d animation.
Learning something I like.
I have been able to learn a range of both practical skills and theory in film production. Have not encountered any problems so far.
Having learnt about way to educate a diverse crowd of students whilst also simultaneously being a part of a diverse crowd of students has been wonderful. Ensuring that the tutors and lecturers for each course were greatly suited to the specifics of the course.
Creative freedom and practical assessments. Time planning of course.
There's the opportunity to meet a wide range of people. The group work, where the allocation of marks can be really reliant on what people you get hence unfair to individuals who actually do the work.
I have enjoyed the practice work for example in the laboratories. The structure of the lecture slides.
Meeting people in the tutorials and having opportunities to discuss the course with them. Tutorials could be longer than an hour and if the slides were available on moodle.
I enjoyed the room for critical thinking in the essays. I think a lot of the theory work helped me back up arguments I already had which was really useful as well. Although I enjoyed my courses I felt they didn't relate to my major PR and Advertising much.
Getting to know people and free food.
Some subjects have had practical activities within the subjects - that has been the best part (but a some of the subjects are theory only, and don't seem very applicable or relevant). The fact that the degree as a whole isn't very cohesive, and it's difficult to sometimes understand the practical applications of things. Also, some first year courses within the degree are theory only and don't seem very relevant to majority of the people doing those courses. Some of the courses are also not structured very cohesively.
Educational and interesting. Tuts are too short.
Since commerce is quite a large program, i'd say the best aspects is the level of organisation from the staff. I've had classes such as COMM1140 where all the lectures were prerecorded and uploaded which was extremely helpful. Also the staff is really quick to deal with concerns and they're always ready to help us. I think they have a system of communication which is really effective.
Online lectures are available to watch afterwardslecture notes are provided too in pdf. Scif1131 is useless, im sorry.
Being exposed to other fine arts related things and having the opportunity to meet people working in the industry. I feel like it can be taught quicker, like the content does not need the whole term to teach, although I did need that time to finish my assessments on time.
Getting to know other students and collectively learn concepts we are interested in. Likewise, we are given the opportunity to excel. Providing more feedback on assessments, giving more specific instructions with assignments and giving results more promptly.
Insightful. Organisation for the final assessment.
Working and properly developing communication and design skills as a professional engineer. I thought that the courses were really well put together, and while it is merely a personal preference, but I would like it if some of the courses were a little more structured in terms of content that was taught each week.
Economics workshops especially in ECON1101. Social interaction and more group work in tutorials.
Meeting new people.
The best aspects of my bachelor of law program have been how thorough and extensive the knowledge its provided me with has been. I feel that I am learning a lot of information that is relevant to what I want to do in the future from enthusiastic and intelligent tutors. I have also met a range of people with similar interests. The law program could improve the structure of exams. The final exam is always weighted a lot in comparison to throughout the subject assignments.
The rooms are too small for the amount of students / desks.
Meeting a diverse group of people and delving into my major, as well as gaining knew research skills. N/A.
More provision of the exam level and format question in the practice and class work as often what we were focusing and learning in class is really different from the exam. Especially when the tutorial is focus on the content but the exam is more about calculation.
Articulation of subjects and conversation. It is interesting to discuss and contest. There are a large quantity of spoken assessments.
Too many international studentsThree terms a year means you can't get into depth of anything.
Provide more information and opportunities on work placement program.
Some teachers are amazing,  some average, some bad.  Would be better if they was more consistency with high quality teachers. Consistency in teaching quality and marks awarded across the board to be aligned with other degrees.
Methods classes for my KLA.
Classes are relevant to my career in urban planning. Too many international students who can barely speak and write english means that english speaking students carry the workload during group work. Less group work is recommended as it adds too much unnecessary to domestic students.Classes cater too much for those who dont speak or write english well which means that the content has been dumbed down to suit those students. Im in a postgrad degree, and yet it feels as though the content is more suited to a high school level. So, classes need improvement to avoid this.
Learning from lawyers and barristers practicing. Very theoretical, few subjects have practical skills. Quality of teaching staff varied. Most of the learning is self directed not taught by tutors. High workload.
Supporting optimal placement specifics such as being able to carry out placement at my employed school; access to online library and a plethora of international journals. N.a.
Learning new things and being able to explore my interests more in relation to my career and long term career goals. It is so so incredibly difficult to balance full time work and study. There needs to be better work-life balance.
Practical components - learning within the school environment. Unrelatability to the classroom environment. Excessive assessment requirements with no connection to what/how we will teach, stressful and unrealistic expectations of timeframes and assessment requirements, differing expectations by methods teachers, isolation for online learners - no platform for social interaction,.
Support online study with recording and online tutorial. It is very important for post-graduate students to have the flexibility to do online study as most of us have jobs or families to take care. Some courses don't provide online tutorial, which is sad. need to spend more time on commute and also need to solve conflict with work or other commitments.
The ability for students to choose a specialised major based on thier interests.
The clinic, particularly the supervision team there, are doing the best they can with a small team. Both the feedback they give, and the way they receive feedback, is practical and growth oriented. They are easily the best thing about the course.   Organisation of materials (e.g., receiving course outlines before the course begins, not weeks into the course) - Communication between teachers/clinic staff to ensure there aren't scheduling conflicts.
The best aspects of my Masters Degree (Coursework) or Juris Doctor program include the high level of teacher accessibility-professors are incredibly responsive and eager to assist-and the diversity of students in the classroom, which definitely enhances our class discussions by providing a broad exchange of perspectives. The aspects of my JD program that most need improvement include the technological literacy of teachers, which sometimes hinders coursework, especially when they struggle with platforms like Moodle, and poor time management, which affects the pacing of lessons and assignment deadlines.
The practical aspects like placement. Inclusion of more indigenous Australian themes in lessons.
Meeting new people.
The high quality of teaching content and use of real life examples. Flexibility with assignment deadlines.
Courses such as strategic thinking, and health economics in term 1 were very interesting and intellectually stimulating. The lecturers encouraged students to participate through the term.
All of the teachers that I have had have been great. I want to be marked individually for group work.
The content and teaching of coding was really fun. Very hard but the subjects with supportive and empathetic teachers were the best. Keeping the lecture styles consistent across all subjects, some can be very confusing. It would be good if they also provided research, internship or career info for the subjects and places to find these.
These subjects were not as interesting for me, however I understand the importance of leadership models etc. Issues with sound quality.
Very applicable to my role within healthcare. Nil.
The chance to do funded (RTP scholarship) research with studio space and access to great resources. More support for students wanting to contribute academically to journals, conferences etc.
The support and encouragement given to me by seniors in my lab to undertake the PhD. Oversight of supervisors in preventing overloading PhD projects.
So far into my degree, I really enjoyed the hands on help and expertise from my professors. I had to do an HDR course, however I feel it could be better structured and needs some refinement of content as not all of it was relevant.
I got the opportunity to learn about my topic area and I learned a lot about myself and my resilience. The genuine support offered (not just lip service to mental health), the supervision process, the panel review process. We were told we were supported but it never felt like the students were the priority.
Engaging in the research process and independently driving my project with solid supervisory support. More social engagement with peers and opportunity for online seminars.
Through my Scientia Scholarship, I have been able to travel internationally to attend conferences which has been really valuable for networking, and has provided me with excellent opportunities to work with international researchers on exciting projects. My supervisory team is very supportive and encouraging. First year setup for PhD students could be improved. I started in covid so I was working from home and lost motivation because of a variety of reasons, but mostly because there seemed like there was no opportunity to socialise or interact with other researchers, so I felt quite isolated in this first year.
Being part of a research community with other students in the same program. None.
The community around me, including students within my program and staff within the laboratory. Nothing.
Developing and structuring my interests and learning about working in academia, networking and research training.
Interaction with other HDR candidates and my supervisors. Better facilities and support for HDR students, including exhibition facilities for final artwork that requires assessment and to be available for a period of time.
Access to mentors, in-depth research, opportunities to join career development programs, e.g. STEMM Champions, outreach opportunities, laboratory infrastructure. Faculty social events.
Challenging and rewarding. A greater sense of community and making the lunch/break room more welcoming eg including free tea.
Learning to work independently, developing and answering my own research questions. The support of my supervisor and the staff in the school of physics. N/A.
My supervisors and the community of PhD students. Clear policies and approaches from the university. Less admin through places like GRIS.
The research program has challenged me and encouraged me to understand the research process and through that the level of what I do as a principal has been enhanced and raised the learning of my teaching staff in the process. Accessibility of supervisors. As a working researcher I l need to work during school holidays but ( and I must say understandably) there is no-one at uni to critique the work done so could be waiting 4 or 5 weeks for feedback. This is more an EdD problem than a normal PhD.
More common areas for research HDR students, for example lunch tables and common areas for meetings.
UNSW provides lots of seminars as well as online resources relevant to my degree. Career support services are really great and there's a great variety of support available. None.
Learning new skills. Training supervisors.
I love that I have a sense of belonging in such a fantastic lab team, from my supervisors to lab managers to postdocs and other colleagues. The department of Medicine and Health is so welcoming and I look forward to get up in the morning and to participate in this amazing culture to learn and research. I would love to see more events within the school because it's so fun and students especially new ones to bond and make connections with others.
The other PhD students in the office. My supervisor and getting to know other academics. The research grants office. They have taken so long to process a very significant grant that I received that the organization awarding it wasn't sure if we still wanted the money and it required numerous follow up messages just to get it pushed to the next stage. The process of applying for a grant is unnecessarily complicated and time intensive. The entire class enrolment system is also not user friendly and outdated. It feels like a system designed only for undergraduate courses and then band-aid solutions piled on top of each other. You need to re-enroll in the PhD every year, why can't the system just be told that a PhD is at least 3.5 years? The finance people that give out pay for casual work is also constantly making mistakes, we already ear so little, it isn't exactly ideal when the university underpays you on top of that. SALUS is also not user friendly.
Great feedback from supervisors. Learning lots about the field. Independence. /.
Being in a community with other like-minded individuals who are passionate about the same things, while forging lasting friendships along the way. N/A.
I think the contents and assignments of the courses I learn this year are helpful for my career and professional development. Inclusivity for international students. Make the group discussions to be diverse, so that everyone can learn from culturally different students.
It is extremely progressive and allows us to expand our worldview and challenges typical understandings of a criminal legal system. NIL.
Networking and career programs. Students needs to know how to properly communicate in proper English to not be a hindrance to others. English needs to be the standard, not other languages.
Learning about how media shapes society. Internship placements and more work experience. the courses don't really prepare us for real world work.
Pathology lectures, pracs. More individualised support needed.
Most of the lectures are online and we only need to go to school for lab and tutorials. More information on how to get into masters of optometry and more information on placements/internship.
Students are committed to learn. There are some classes that are not really relevant. Such as scenario groups, which is a two hour session two times a week, but doesn't seem to be helpful. I often see my friends not paying attention and doing their own work during scenario group sessions.
Better and clearer lectures, more in-person lectures, clearer practicals organisation.
The interaction of the teacher with students to make them feel involved so they can understand better. More applicability to real life and opportunities.
The best aspects were the pace of introducing new topics. In some of the classes, it was very fast paced and all lectures were fully online, and I think some (if not most) students prefer the traditional in-person teaching method as it is more engaging and stimulating for the brain. I know that the COVID-19 pandemic introduced the implementation of more online courses but I think there should be a better balance of online/in-person if not fully in-person with online options available for when students fall ill.Since we students are paying so much money for our degrees (and international students like myself even more so), I believe the university should be able to provide.
The teachers who were very hands on with our learning and progress. Sometimes assignments can be explained more throughly.
I believe that early exposure to hospital and clinical settings have given me the ability to understand the realities and responsibilities of the healthcare system and I was given various opportunities to apply the content I have learnt during the sessions at hospital or at the school clinical sessions. I feel that more time can be given for the students to study for their EOCs since it's rather stressful to understand the content over a few weeks. I also feel that the portfolio examinations could be changed to pass fail examination instead.
Able to study thinks outside my degree. None.
Being able to learn about both science and to collaborate w others.
Flexible where i can choose my own classes according to my interest. Engagement during bigger tutorial classes.
It is thorough and in depth, but extremely challenging. More lecturers should provide slides and additional notes. Some lecturers do not provide any whatsoever.
Meeting people from different cultures. Being in the mist of people from diverse cultures and be able to share your ideas.
Comments and guidance before final assessment tasks need to be more straightforward and critical, it is much more helpful to receive these before finalizing assessment tasks rather than receiving such comments after grading is done. I need to know if what I'm doing is right or wrong before I submit my assignment all I get are positive encouragements and positive feedbacks are great but I'd rather take the criticism before I hand in my assignment than having to read what I did wrong or what I should have done differently in the final remark. It brings down my grade and I have no clarity on what I have understood in the course. Sometimes final remarks do not address each part of the assessment tasks and I have no idea if I have addressed the task correctly especially the ones that have a higher weightage. Due to this I'm not sure if I'll be able to fully learn and understand the courses.Some lecturers are quite knowledgeable in their fields and expect us to bring the same level of knowledge to the classroom but it is quite difficult as overseas students do not have the same context and it takes us a while to adapt especially in courses pertaining to law and policy which we are quite unfamiliar with.Tutors for research seminar need to be from a variety of focus areas I wish to focus on transport and planning but my tutor is from a housing background which makes it difficult for me to discuss my ideas for my thesis which is a high credit course that is very important to my degree and its quite stressful to think about.
The course outline is very structured. The plan and form of assessment is clear as well. The course is very packed and the quality of teaching reduced because everything is very rushed in trimester. Teachers are detached and they do not care if the students learn. Even if you ask question they don't care if you really understand. UNSW can improve the quality of teaching.
My tutors have made my experience amazing without them this wouldn't have been a good. The integration of different students and diversifying their examples and approaches. Not everyone that's an international student is from China and it's hard to connect with material when it's only catered to one person.
The knowledge which i have gained from it. The cp component.
The Marketing Analytics courses have highly distinguished academics, teaching students relevant skills that are in-demand in the current workplace. I highly enjoyed these courses and encourage other marketing students to undertake the same. The 10 week curriculum gives a cursory insight into each subject, however I believe the number of lecture hours should be increased to allow students time to get comfortable with the course material and develop a profound interest in the subject.
The lecturers and standard of teaching of brand management and marketing communications and promotion was outstanding, truly felt like I was learning from people at the top of their field. My cohort was made up entirely of international students (including myself) and often it seemed that my peers did not care about the course or doing well, they just wanted to scrape a pass. I think this was made much more difficult for them due to a low understanding of English, for some more complicated subjects I struggled to grasp the content let alone if it was my second language!  This meant for a couple of group projects I had to entirely redo the projects as the work simply lacked the effort or was not grammatically correct.
....
Building working relationships with an array of people related to my research mainly outside unsw. Access to people/resources at the startBetter workspace that enables collaboration , good wellbeing (natural light for starters) and quiet space for working.
I have enjoyed interacting with a wide range of professionals within this field to learn from their expertise. Supervisor and student relations.
Realizing some in skills and ability i never knew i had. This research brings out the best in me and the ability to face challenges without giving up. This is the best aspect of the research. Realizing that I can do anything once my inner spirit aligns with my physicality (impossibility is possible). Social life.
All are good.
Learning about my Chinese major and communicating in the language. Less assignments and more content based would be appreciated.
Access to technical equipment and software. Structure and timeframe.
The social interaction with other students Interesting topics every term. Relevance of small group classes to the overall content of the term Teaching by some lecturers could be clearer and more engaging.
Being able to learn about various different languages. Less workload.
A broad understanding of human biology, chemistry, and medical research techniques. Preparation for various healthcare careers or further studies in medicine, research, or allied health. More Practical Experience: Increased hands-on clinical exposure and internships.Career Guidance: Enhanced support for transitioning into specific career paths post-graduation.
I have enjoyed the organised structure of the classes but also I have found the content quite interesting.
The accounting course and the excel course. Taught real skills. Every other course feels like a waste of time and money. Please teach things that are actually substantial.
The Playconomics Game. Spaces to socialize and meet other students.
I liked the Chem1011 course. It provided a lot of flexibility whilst giving clear, concise structured lessons.I also like the WIL program. Providing more lessons about how to use specific citing tools (endnote, etc).
Critical thinking on different sources and culture. Have clearer instructions and feedback on essays.
Media overall a fun and relaxed program. The assignments aren't too stressful and there are a lot of different media mediums and types you can learn about. The content I find to be quite interesting as well since the program keeps up with trends and culture. Some of the Media tutorials are too long that they get boring, we don't need 2 hours worth of talking about one concept, the concepts are relatively easy enough to understand just from the lectures alone. Tutors are just talking to unresponsive classes because it gets boring. Media also consist of a lot of group works. A lot of these groups are allocated to us and we cannot pick the group members, which I think is a silly method.
Had only enrolled in two courses, no deep understanding in this program yet. No clue yet.
Good tutors. Tutorial really depends on tutor.
The practical aspects, building and learning new things. Program needs to be more guided and structures.
Placement. Term 2 was very short but both teacher and students need to finish a lot of things.
The program's content is excellent. Each lecture gave me a huge amount of knowledge about psychology, explained in a highly structured and consistent manner. They give me insight into the contemporary issues in psychology, inspiring me to think and research intensively. I'm pleased with this course, so it's hard to say what needs improvement. If I nitpick, communication between tutors and students regarding assignments may improve. Although tutors always say they are happy to answer our questions, whenever I asked questions about what they expected us to demonstrate in our writing, they often gave very vague answers - only a few tutors were highly skilful in expressing their expectations.
Great tutoring and mentoring. The number of A1 printers on campus is too low for the large number of students.
It offers a chance for me to build networks with excellent people at an early stage in my career. Laboratory devices are old and slow.
I'm doing a research degree which does not require me to attend classes. This survey is not relevant to me.
The staff and faculty are so nice and friendly. I really enjoy the learning environment here.
Structure.
I think the students and teachers are very friendly, because I have been in interior design for four years, and I have more and more tacit and familiar with teachers and classmates, which is very good. Although there are not many students in interior design, sometimes they will be crowded together in small classrooms when they go to tutorial. If possible, I hope to provide a more comfortable learning environment for our interior design.
Increase the chance and ability to communicate with different mindset peers involved in various topics.
Having placements and seeing how the real work setting looks like. Less about theories and more about workplace knowledge and skills.Assignments are quite repetitive and now, being a year 4 student, I find them uninteresting and not simulating. A lot of them are about reflecting on how theories can be use to analyse real life scenarios. Several of the courses teach the same theories, just that the readings are different or the analysis that we are required to do is more complex. I do not understand why they structured the courses like that, to teach more or less the same thing with more or less the same assignments over and over again. Not that I will ever use most of the theories in my workplace anyway  Frankly speaking it is very very boring.
Better communication within the department in what is being taught in pre requisites of courses and assessment tasks at the same level as what's been taught.
Too many international students who are lack of basic English skills and perform poorly in their studies, ruining my group assessment and class experiences. Their entry requirements should be raised.
The best aspects of my program is that it includes both the Arts degree and business degree as a joint program. Allows me to experience both degrees in a shorter amount of time. He business components units are quite limited to choose from.
The courses at the school are generally very good, and the course in commerce covers all the knowledge related to business. In the introductory courses, students are given many fundamental concepts and knowledge, which helps them fully understand the knowledge and theories of business. Later on, by communicating with teachers and classmates extensively, they also bring many benefits to their studies. So I think the best part was starting with the foundational courses for the commerce program, which really gave me a solid foundation. I think we could add some business forums and debates that students can participate in. This would give them a deeper understanding of the subject.
None. None.
Equitable learning for neurodivergent students and catering towards students who may have misadventures. Detailed feedback and much lenient grading especially for assessment, lessons must also be taught with straightforward terms and cater towards examinations. Teachings also must be neurodivergent-friendly or without using too complex terms.
Critical thinking. Technical skill at work.
Independently study skills or corporation skills being improved. More pervious students example should be provided.
.
Immersive environment and some of the tutors are really nice and helpful in my learning process. The course overall is sort of well structured. My experience with term 1 2024 which is first term of my second year was not good. I think putting revit + studio do not give us enough time to get familiar with either software or develop our idea for studio. It made our studio become very "technical", because I thought we were encouraged to use the software for that studio. Secondly, we also have to pay a lot for material for model making, would be great if there is reduction of the price.
Essay. Final exam.
Practice English, and Bridging university programme. Nothing.
Wide range of subject offered to choose.
/.
It is very diverse, so it allows me to try a lot of new things to narrow down my career choice in the future but also to feel like I can easily switch between those different fields. Acquired skills do not seem deep enough, I cannot see them as sufficient for my employment. I do have an idea about web design but not enough niche knowledge, just a general understanding of web pages and apps to create them in. To get a job, I will need to learn a lot more. So I would want the program to provide deeper knowledge in the areas.
The tutors and lecturers have been great for most of the courses but the ones that weren't were absolutely horribleThe learning spaces like the library were really amazing as were the lab computers really helpful. Some of the bad lecturers and tutors who weren't helpful at all and made snarky and rude comments on the forum when people asked questions.
Group working.
The forum where we could easily ask for help (even anonymously). Trimester almost kills me.
Tutorial. So excellent.
Independent. Every single aspect.
The teachers have a huge knowledge base, and all the questions I don't understand can be answered very well. Teachers [specified name removed] and [specified name removed] were very patient and very helpful to my study. None.
Hear from one of the best lecturers throughout my life and learn from their perspectives and suggestions,. Lacking resources upon economic writing.
The amount of content of each course and its well-structured organisation. The assessments sometimes are not relevant to the course content.
The content learned in class is more practical, which I think is very important for me to join the work in the future. I think we could cut out some of the group work. Because almost every course has group work, even if we do not consider many uncooperative group members, it is not perfect to show our own individuality.
1120. 1190.
Learning about Interior Architecture, getting a brief vision of my future career, and experiencing university life. The structure needs to be clearer because there are many confusing parts. Some tutors need more teaching experience because they obviously lack experience and make the general studying process much harder.
Teacher team. Nothing, all good.
The courses are training us to perform well in our future work field.
Global perspectives. N/A.
The courses are quite structured, and the faculty is very helpful and easily approachable and the assignments really do challenge critical analysis and research skills. There is a very significant english language barrier in the course. In most of the media classes I have done, in a class of approximately 30 people, there are only 5-6 people who can speak english, the language the course is taught in, and in group work, that responsibility fell on me on various accounts.
The course structure and management. The ways that teachers teach us.
Being allocated into an all-female group. Too few offline tutorials.
I learnt a lot from the financial management class and also business decision making class; however, some classes in term 2 do not seem helpful at all. I think more example of the assessment that got good grades would be helpful, and also a more detailed feedback on the assessments.
Equal teaching resources, can be promoted to sophomore. Severe compression.
Improving my communication skill.
The quality of online classes and some lecturer or tutor's accent.
The best aspects about the Vision science program are the learning outcomes, how they apply to every day situations and how they are related to my course. In addition, the professors are very supportive in my learning curve and are always approachable to answer any concern I may have. I would say the content in some subjects. Sometimes, I find some content too complex and at times, I cannot find the relation to the course I am taking.
The study environment, how we as student have the freedom to manage of our own time. None.
To better understand both the concepts and the real-life cases and to utilised the concepts in solving real-life cases. Since some of the courses are very similar to my previous studies, UNSW should accept some credit transfers but unfortunately did not.
Access to knowledge and learning opportunities. Student academic support and lack of hands-on experience.
It is very group-focused and I feel part of a learning community. There is also a lot more individual feedback and help available throughout. I would like to be able to learn more courses related to my degree instead of mandatory electives that I am not quite interested in. For example, I am not particularly interested in doing art theory, but I have to take at least 5 classes of it. I feel this is quite irrelevant to media arts.
To meet people in industry. Not really.
Feel like a dream: good when you're in it, but nothing left when you're awake. I don't think this program is helpful to my career, though I knew it in the very beginning. I have met some bad tutors, while there are really excellent ones. Now the paid subscription is about to expire. .
Lab course, factory visiting. More details during course when tutor want to explain some specialist question.
Fun and can learn a lot. The tutorial structure and course timeline.
I learned critical thinking from this course which is good. Tutorial performance need to improve.
It exercises the ability of independent learning. And it is inclusive and open to people from different fields, allowing people from various disciplines to study in the program and bring diverse insights into the class. Career guidance and field trips. This program has an excessive focus on theoretical learning, with few practical opportunities, which can leave students feeling lost when seeking employment or internships. If field trips were arranged after studying the theory in textbooks, let students to observe how the industry operates in practice, the knowledge would become more solid. And it will be more helpful for students' future careers.
Teachers come from different professional fields. I need employment guidance and recommended more practical employment opportunities. Most of the design work I can find has no legal salary, and basically need PR.
Improvement of writing skills and critical thinking. More opportunities for internship and exchange.
The theoretical developments, the chosen readings, and the specific scopes and discourses of some of the courses. The lecture theatre has always had technical problems for an hour session where the lecturer came in the same time as the class began but used nearly 15-30 minutes to settle the technical and login administration rights problems. Sometimes, the lectures start in non-office hours where technicians are already off. This happened in 2023-2024, and for one and a half years, the problem still persists. If it is possible, spare 15 minutes at least between lecture theatre so the tutors/lecturers can set up their slides and computers on time or the lecturers would have all the administration rights to set up the computer or systems that no longer need a technician to come to reset it every time. This never happened when there was a guest lecture which is normally not a course in UNSW as there would be have the technicians set up in advance and stand by during the lectures. This proves this is a problem that could be solved.
I am surrounded by great minds who have taught me knowledge and insights of the world of renewable energy. I would have loved to get opportunities to visit the sites of renewable energy plants, such as solar and wind farms, as part of learning activities. As much as it is important to learn the theory in class is, I think having a chance to see the real things and understand the technicalities of the technologies with our own eyes would be a great experience and added value to the program.
How learning these things will help me in my future life...,..,..,.
I liked learning the practical application of my learning material of my field. I liked working in student groups and complete my assessments on time. I liked enjoying my own study time and university time. I liked talking and engaging and asking doubts to my peers, demonstrators and lecturers . I liked learning new courses and making new friends along the way. I think I need to work on my study techniques and understanding professional civil practices more to achieve the best results in my student life and career.
Atmosphere, diversity. Nothing.
Provide the review of the previous exam.
Learning more about the field I am interested in and passionate about. Instead of repetition of some topics there could be more details in few courses.
Lecturers and tutors, sandbox projects. Class interaction between peers in some courses/ participation.
This degree made me identify concepts ive learnt at uni. It made me confident about my ability to apply ciceots in real-life. It made be a better engineer. An industrial aspect to my degree.
So nice tutor and professor in business analytics but I think the teacher in Financial technology is not as goog as BA. So nice tutor and professor in business analytics but I think the teacher in Financial technology is not as goog as BA, because some of them cannot give us feedback, even the main project with 70% marks.
The flexibility of specialisation. The working integrated learning to be applied to more courses.
My English ability. My English communication skills.
Education environment and learning structure. The uni could have more improvements on helping international students to transfer into jobs. Many jobs title on the uni website does not allow international students or student who have no 485 visa to apply. It's hard for international students to get jobs in Australia.
I got many new friends and basic computer skills. No.
The process of learning new things. Self-learning skill.
Critical thinking and divergent thinking. Overcautious and overthinking.
Again a lot of knowledge about computer programming. More related to real work environment.
The equipments for interpretation.
All good. NO.
Critical thinking.
To learn and earn knowledge from industry experts. The number of assessments and the the time given to complete them along with balachong the workload for 3 subjects at same time.
The internship program and the well-experienced course convenors. The restructured learning pattern of having two different classes (lecture and tutorial) is not too helpful. It takes time to commute between classes. And it's confusing in enrolling the classes.
Excellent teaching staffs and studying support. None, it was almost perfect.
During this period of study, I felt it was difficult at first, and even couldn't believe that this was a major for people without a computer science background. But when I got through the first year without any problems, I looked back and found that I had grown a lot. Not only did I learn how to find the information I needed, but I also improved my English reading skills. The tests for some courses were difficult, and I would spend a long time in the library at the end of the semester, but my grades were getting better and better, which made me feel very accomplished. I think comp9021, which everyone takes in the first semester, is too difficult for beginners. I almost failed the course. How can someone who has never learned python learn so much in ten weeks while studying three courses at the same time?.
I had to complete five or six papers each semester, so my writing skills skyrocketed. I had to complete five or six papers each semester, so my writing skills skyrocketed.
Deeply learn. Communicate with other people.
Student hub too busy.
I know how to balance the study and life better and have overseas insights of UNSW and sydney which are amazing. When facing pressure from essay.
.
The course arrangements are informed in advance. The teaching quality and exam system management.
The teaching styles are very liberal and encouraging. There is a limited time to submit the assessment. Sometimes the assessment has to be submitted in week 2 or 3, which is a bit too fast.
The best aspects is practical assignment which can give us a project from real world and help us understand what job context about our major. I think this program should have more mechanisms to deal with free loader when we have group assignment.
The class format is good and helps us to understand the knowledge. The course time of a class is best not more than two hours, people's energy is limited.
The program is filled with so much resources and a safe learning space. It generated much thinking and encouraged learning. Really good staff and material. Introductory material or a better understanding of what the program requires or needs for a student to be successful.
All good except the teacher of COMP9024. All good.
I can study with students from different design backgrounds and have more exchanges and inspirations. Provide more support for student internships.
The practices of public relations in work. Na.
*. *.
I can learn writing skills and know more about social media. Essays are too much, maybe need more quizzes to replace them.
To make new friends. The course structure and the teacher ability.
I do a lot of math practice. Coding teaching.
I love how the course focus on so many aspect of learning be it practical or theory. Teachers attitude towards different student being an Indian student there has been so many time I felt the teacher acted differently making me feel uncomfortable because for them my country is something they think is poor and backwards.
International Perspective: The courses often incorporate a global business perspective, allowing students to gain a more comprehensive understanding of the market environments and business cultures of different countries and regions.Diverse Teaching Methods: The courses utilize various formats, such as case studies, team projects, and field trips, which help enhance students' practical skills and problem-solving abilities.Excellent Faculty: Many internationally renowned business schools uphold the principles of equality between teachers and students, as well as practical respect. They have experienced professors and industry experts who can provide in-depth theoretical knowledge and rich practical experience.Wide-ranging Online Resources: The University of New South Wales offers a wealth of online resources, making it convenient for students to self-study and access cutting-edge concepts, thereby enhancing their competitiveness.
Some professors cant really teach and provide another level of difficulty when it comes to quiz.
Study sources. TudyS score.
Having.
The academic environment at UNSW is strong, with a well-structured and demanding curriculum that has greatly improved my IT knowledge. The program focuses on both theory and practical skills, enhancing my ability to solve real-world problems. There are currently no areas that need improvement as the program is already well-structured and effectively delivered. Everything is managed very well.
More cultivate students' independent school ability. 1. Practicability of the course to ensure that the course content matches the needs of the industry; 2. Interdisciplinary learning opportunities, journalism and communication can be combined with technology, sociology, psychology and other fields.
Good teaching. Time schedule.
Maybe speaking most need improvement.
Provide a new perspective to see my field. Review my knowledge. Teach more work-related skills.
Some project content is too difficult and has low relevance to the lecture material.
The assessments have been challenging yet fun!. The trimester pattern makes the course a bit hectic.
Course design. Introduction and feedback.
Study space. Double pass.
Learning environment. Implication.
Most of the teachers were very patient in answering my questions. I hope there will be more activities, such as classroom activities or after-school activities.
There are some very responsible teachers (although some teachers are less responsible)), some interesting courses, you can choose elective courses according to your hobbies. Add more elective courses and cancel some useless courses, such as leadership.
Teachers and learning materials. Applicability. Many of us have no teaching experience and cannot reflect on the problems encountered by teachers in the teaching process.Some course requirements make it difficult for international students to continue their doctoral studies or stay in Australia for employment.
Challenging assessments that made me study more. Some programs are designed based on Australian education system. International students can find it difficult. May be they will be given sources to understand.
Active engagement of the teaching faculty with students. I have always received positive and helpful feedback and immediate responses to all my queries from all teaching faculty since i began my studies at UNSW. I find the learning resources very extensive and extremely useful to enhance the learning experiences of students. Need more career coaching guidance, more sessions from the faculty on the actual job opportunities in Australia after finishing the course. I have not had a single session where we have been practically informed and directed to all the actual career opportunities/ jobs/ pathways we have options of, post our degree. We also need more internships. Many students report that they have been unable to do an internship due to lack of spots. I believe that if offered as an elective, all students should get an opportunity to pursue an internship. We also need more structure regarding pursuing of research projects. Its difficult for students who are new to this area to approach potential supervisors and this lack of structure gives students a lot of anxiety and apprehension towards doing a project.
Help me learn more about the knowledge!. Looking for some internships.
Some course instructors are indifferent or impatient with students' feedback eg. 24T1 COMP9021, 24T2 COMP9024.
The critical thinking.
Content is always applicable to my future career.I always learn about different concepts in each course. They could include different courses in the foundation studies in the 2025 handbook. Although I follow the 2023 handbook when reading the course outline, most foundation courses seem redundant.During online lectures, some students are not present but remain in the class, which sometimes makes online group work difficult as they do not participate.
Improved my ability to write essays. Hopefully in the tutorial, the tutor can talk more about things.
The help and knowledge from professors. More specific ways for self-learning cause it's time-consuming to learn by myself.
Creatively.
The teaching quality is very good, and the curriculum is very complete, but the tuition fee is very expensive, and the transfer of major is very slow. I need coe to renew my visa. The curriculum is well set up, and the teacher's lectures are meticulous and patient. I'm from China. There are many Chinese, and I feel like studying abroad in reverse.
The interesting topics and good level of engagement in the class. The clarity of enrolling in subjects, why did school of education announce the new foundation courses to the students who have completed the foundation in the previous terms, it confused all of us (T1 2024 student). It turned out applicable for new students in T3. Thank God, nucleus helped me a lot in clarifying this confusion.
Good facilities, such as enough amount of study spaces, providing lecture recordings. Too many international students and the majority are from the same country, it would be better if UNSW can keep the portions of international students lower.
Data and examples are used to prove the point. Critical thinking.
The best aspects of my Master of Simulation and Immersive Technologies program have been the unique blend of technical and creative challenges, allowing me to explore how immersive environments can transform learning and user engagement. Specifically, the program's focus on combining VR, AR, and MR technologies with real-world applications has greatly expanded my understanding of how these technologies can be used in various industries.The collaborative nature of the coursework, particularly in designing interactive simulations, has enhanced my skills in working with interdisciplinary teams. Additionally, the hands-on projects have helped me develop practical experience, from creating storyboards and educational content to analyzing user engagement in immersive settings. These experiences have not only deepened my technical expertise but also shaped my vision of developing future projects in areas like decentralized games, corporate training, and business simulations.The program's integration of emerging technologies with real-world applications is what makes it stand out and has provided me with the tools and confidence to pursue my entrepreneurial goals in SaaS and beyond. While the Master of Simulation and Immersive Technologies program has provided me with valuable insights, there are a few areas that I believe could be improved. Initially, I expected a stronger focus on technical skills, particularly hands-on experience with immersive technologies like VR, AR, and MR. However, much of the content tends to be more theoretical or broad in nature, sometimes lacking the depth required to fully grasp the technical complexities and tools used in the industry.For instance, I would appreciate more in-depth practical training on simulation software, coding for immersive environments, and technical problem-solving, as these skills are crucial for building effective simulations and immersive experiences. Furthermore, it would be beneficial to have more opportunities to work with industry-standard tools and platforms, as well as to dive deeper into the technical aspects of design and development.Overall, while the conceptual discussions are important, a more focused and technical curriculum would better prepare students for the hands-on challenges in the immersive technology field.
The curriculum comprises lectures, experiments and workshops, which facilitate effective learning and enable us to consolidate our knowledge on a regular basis. Furthermore, some courses include a weekly quiz, which provides an opportunity to reinforce knowledge gaps. Due to the size of the course, it is not always possible to accommodate all participants effectively. Furthermore, some demonstrations may not be of a sufficiently advanced level to adequately assist students in completing their experiments.
Working together in a multicultural and multidisciplinary setting is what I enjoy the most from my experience in UNSW's Master's degree. To provide better Work Integrated Learning, UNSW can increase its industrial partners and expand its connection to global companies - which most students aim to work for. This will provide an overview on how real-life working culture is like and prepare students when entering the job market.
1. Help from student hub and ADA office, always response very fast and helpful.2. Arc clubs and the club associations, wonderful activities. Need more courses about language technology and computing skills but not nearly all courses are about literature.
Class atmosphere. Assessment.
Learn some useful knowledge and have some opportunities to attend many workplace seminars. The online courses need more opportunities to interactive with the teachers and other students, make us more focus on the courses!.
The provided courses are great for developing my knowledge. Diversity.
Can make me study two major. My bachelor degree is accounting, but I want to study another major in master, and I don't want to give up my accounting study, so the Masters Degree (Coursework) of Commerce (Extension) helps me can choose two major to study. And it also waived some classes to some extent, which shortened my graduate year so that I could finish my studies more quickly. That's a great thing. Nothing.
The course is well-structured, it enables me to develop deep understanding in linguistics. Some concepts in the course are hard to understand, too abstract.
The timing of tutorial( too short to deeply discuss).
Our compulsory subject MGMT5050. Many professors and tutors are trying to control our assignment score in a particular range, sometimes lower for no reason. This is unfair for us especially for those who are trying to apply for a phd in other universities.
To learn with the best lecturers, challenge myself, strengthening my communication skills. To make it more collaborative, better study spaces.
I love the quick response from the student hub. really appreciate their great advice!.
The teachers who have taken the classes are still quite responsible. It could be appropriate to open up more slots for course choices, and the number of slots for courses you want to take will always need to depend on an anxious rush to get them.
Critical thinking and writing practice. Employment guidance.
Course has too many students due to which reason it gets difficult for tutors to pay attention or attend to every student as there is a lot to cover in a short span of time with the terms.It would be great to have site visits and industry interactions or real life scenario analysis incorporated into the course. This will help in contributing towards working more efficiently at a workplace. Making it more practical study.
Study method. No.
Collaboration and networking with fellow students, educators and school community. More placement opportunities would be better, a paid placement.
Practical learning. Clearer assessments.
To engage in cutting-edge research in front-end development at a prestigious international academic institution. The management of the research homepages is extremely poor. Even administrative staff have personal research pages, leading to resource misuse, and every time I file a complaint, no one addresses it. There is very little support for self-funded international students in the humanities, with scholarships and teaching opportunities primarily given to those who already have scholarships. Repeated complaints have gone unanswered. Appeals to the university president and international human rights organizations have led nowhere. I am deeply disappointed with the school's administration. I do not recommend that family members send their children here for a PhD. Very poor experience!I have repeatedly advocated on behalf of the group of self-funded international PhD students in the humanities, calling on the university to create more temporary research assistant positions prioritizing our group for one year after graduation, but have been consistently ignored. Complaints to the ResIT department regarding the misuse of research homepages and public resources have been disregarded, and I have even received retaliatory responses. This is extremely infuriating. We are all human beings, and everyone deserves equal treatment-why are we being treated this way?.
Supervisory oversight - supervisors have limited oversight on their student management/treatment.
Travel award for conference. More diverse seminars.
Building networks.
I'm able to get an opportunity of casual mentor job. Slow process of enquiries, and unclear instructions of program requirements (e.g. need to complete electives in 1st year, and need to submit EOI of thesis submission 3 months before submitting).
Research collaboration.
Learning and researching on new topics & while working with others. Can't think of any atm .
Supportive supervisors. More financial support for students.Better space for students.
Funding resources for international studentsNore engagement with Industry.
My supervisor has been very supportive, this is the best of my PhD. Maybe more activities should be helpful.
Overall, good. Supervision effectiveness can be improved especially for case involving multiple supervisors.
Develop my independent learning and problem-solving abilities. Hope to upgrade laboratory equipment to achieve more efficient work.
Being part of a vibrant and friendly community where people are respectful and welcoming. Additionally, having the opportunity to work on a multidisciplinary project. .The facilities and equipment could be improved, as well as the availability of technical staff to provide support.
The extent to which they let me stay in the school even though no professors currently working in my research field is good. They even let me have external researchers as my secondary supervisors. Let the school have physics education researchers if you want to maintain the university's goal of educational excellence. Why do you have teaching-focused lecturers but not specific people developing your field-specific education? That sounds contra productive for me.
Both my supervisors and my peers are very supportive. The institution should provide HDR students with more advice on career development.
The program is all about the research work and its very high standards and love to work on innovative projects everyday.
One of the best aspects of my program is having access to excellent facilities and working under the guidance of great supervisors. Their support and expertise have been invaluable in shaping my research and helping me navigate challenge. One of the best aspects of my program is having access to excellent facilities and working under the guidance of a great supervisor. Their support and expertise have been invaluable in shaping my research and helping me navigate challenge.
I can achieve work-life balance. None.
Lab working.
I have learned a lot from my supervisors and colleagues. Also, my supervisors encouraged me to participate in activities such as presenting on the UNSW Cybersecurity summit which really increased my self-confidence and improved my social skills. More research collaborations between students would be better than working on separate researches.
UNSW has bought many software and journals that needed in my research.Meanwhile, equipment is very advanced which can help me save a lot of time. I wish UNSW can update some equipment, like the SEM microscopy. it's not easy to use as the Phenom Pro X I had use before.
1.The best part is that I have a highly responsible, patient, knowledgeable, and generous supervisor. Over the past six months, she has practically guided me step by step, transforming me from a complete novice into a first-year PhD student with a solid foundation. Thanks to her, I am very confident about passing my confirmation of candidature. 2.UNSW provides abundant resources. PhD students have their own permanent desks, the university has equipped us with the latest large-screen monitors, and we have comfortable office chairs and a kitchen, which gives us a sense of belonging and stability. Especially during lunchtime, everyone gathers in the kitchen to eat together and chat, which not only relieves anxiety but also eases homesickness. 3.Our head, [specified name removed] [specified name removed] is extremely generous and often sponsors us to attend exchanges at different universities, supporting us academically. 4.It's not just [specified name removed] [specified name removed] - the rest of the faculty in our department are also fantastic. They are always willing to answer our questions and help us out of difficult situations. 5.The health clinic is close by, and booking a GP through HotDoc is convenient. When you're sick, there's no need to worry - after the appointment, it's easy to get your medication from the pharmacy on campus. 6.Every department at the university provides us with the utmost support. There are many scholarships available, encouraging us to apply and aim high. Each department is highly efficient and supportive. 1.One aspect of the Doctorate of Education - Research program that could be improved is the availability of structured support for navigating administrative processes, such as scholarship applications, ethics approval, or other bureaucratic tasks. While the academic support is excellent, sometimes the administrative side can be confusing and time-consuming, especially for international students. 2. And more workshops on advanced research methodologies and academic writing could further enhance students' skill sets.
1. Unique experiences based on research and self learning.2. Learn to focus on my research field and fix all the problems independently. All good.
The interaction with other professors and PhD students. Speed of some application processes.
The student and academic community is diverse and supportive. Incentivising students to participate more, some classes will have a group of vocal students and then others are either not prepared or intimidated to speak.
Lots of improvement on cultural safety. neurodivergent support.
The constant push to keep working. The tasks and assessments are incredibly motivating to continue working on skills and are extremely helpful in showing us how much we are improving. Some of the online resources including videos and interactive modules are outdated so to streamline learning more an improvement in the quality and currency of these resources may help.
The friends I've made. Helping students with the multiple learning platforms.
Hospital placement - Exposure + Provide care to real patients. This sometimes feels it comes at the expense of learning theory. Self directed learning is thus a major component. Sudden "drop off" in teaching theory in the final two years, leaving students to self direct their study. Unclear learning outcomes makes this difficult.
Learning complex business problem solving skills, learning skill that can be applied to real world scenarios in my career. Could be beneficial to monitor group assignment contributions more closely. It put pressure on the students to provide negative feedback about each other. I'm glad UNSW encourages collaborative learning.
Being able to learn clinically. Unsure at the moment.
Group assignment balance.
Better online delivery.
Some of the teachers in History I've taken this year, but also I'm grading on a curve, the program has overall been pretty poor. More diversity in courses, more intensity, courses need to be more specific instead of trying to do everything.
The lecturers who have a genuine interest and experience in the field they are teaching. A lot of the lab spaces are quite out of date, this coupled with some software being mandatory for a subject but then not offered on university computers.
People who are very passionate about teaching, makes it a lot easier to willingly follow content.
Clinical placements especially where you can do hands on tasks and feel useful to the team you are shadowing. 1. Online learning alternatives for Rural campuses2. Consistent marking across the board (no-one knows how to mark miniCEXs and all mark different depending on mood, temperament and how much they like you).
The integrated work placement. The technology and the transition from theoretical work to practical work.
Having the uni resources. Focus on getting internships/employment after/during degree. Some of the teachers need to be assessed better to show they actually know things.
The excellent lectures i have gotten to talk in depth with about topics building on taught content. The stronger and clearer handbooks that better explain the different paths through the degree. And more organisation and structure in courses.
Winning 1000 bucks after filling out this survey xoxo. Preparation for internships.
Don't know.
The doors that it opens and the opportunity that it provides. I have had multiple overseas placements that I have valued and has contributed to my learning. The final year honours system, I feel like there is no structure and it is entirely dependant on the supervisor you get, which has had an extreme negative impact on my learning and wellbeing throughout the year.
Challenging, rewarding and interesting. Courses use different platforms. Which is good for some but it would make sense to have commonality.
The placement internships have been great. The support in managing class times and work.
Recently had the opportunity for a short exchange in Korea which was extremely rewarding. The courses are quite disjointed, some courses lack a clear focus. This makes it harder to know what majors to choose.
Doing experiments in the lab. The course resources and the lecture recordings, as the lecture recordings often don't fully record the lectures.
Structured learning outcomes, usually clear expectations on assessment tasks, and what these tasks are designed to achieve. Economics at UNSW needs more assessment tasks that are relevant to the real world. So much course content is based on assumptions, which I understand is necessary for  making a model but the content should be able to relate this to a real world issue. Also, the student to faculty ratio is poor.
When I can actually connect with teachers and students in a tight-knit classroom environment. This happens rarely. Structuring, it is all over the place. They try and shove so much content down our throats, very little of it is cohesive. This is in part because we have few regular teachers. More does not equal better !.
I enjoy the complexity. Sometimes the teachers do an ok job of explaining it but still have to refer to the text books. More excited teachers that have a passion for teaching.
Best aspects were discussing the relevance of learning material to real world equivalents or projects. Assessment structures and pressure forces most students to abandon deep thought and appreciation and learning experience eventually degrades down to learning just enough to pass or achieve desired grade. Little passion is shown as we go up the years.
The best part of the Bachelor of PPE has been the range of teaching staff I have encountered and being influenced by their various passions and areas of expertise. It has opened many doors for me, not only in how I think but so too in the types of careers I find myself having an interest in pursuing. I can't think of too many areas that need improvement overall. Only tiny things like ensuring access to required readings is always easily come by, etc.
The subjects that are relevant to my degree I find extremely engaging as a business student. They tend to be better run and are interesting to me. Subjects irrelevant to my degree such as the humanity based course are of little to no interest to me and feel like I have all most been forced to do them. The handbook in my opinion needs to be reconfigured to keep BBUS business focused.
I don't think there have been many good aspects because I work full time and live far away I would've loved for there to be some level of accessibility for those but I would lose 10 marks for each course because I was physically unable to attend. This has significantly affected my WAM and even now with very little time if I tell teaching staff that I am struggling they give me the "oh well". Honestly I enjoyed it while I had time but now that I work it has become impossible to manage. Similar to my previous answer I would love if everything was more accessible and there were online classes that I could take especially with my course where there are participation marks and I cannot attend because I have work. Later classes that were online would help.
The real life examples or projects forcing us to think critically as if we were in a workspace. More specific courses directly focused on Data Science. Such as DATA3001 which is equivalent to workplace experience and has proved to be the most helpful so far.
Design 2000 was good. UNSW needs to rethink trimesters. Trimesters definitely need improvement and to be changed back to semesters.
The best aspects have probably been the content being taught within the courses. Usually they are quite interesting in comparison to a lot of the finance courses and commerce courses I've done so far. I think some aspects of group work should be introduced and maybe some updates on some courses content, specifically the superannuation course (Actl3151).
Getting to learn new content and working with friends to study and practical classes are very enjoyable. More internships and programs.
I like it whenever we focus on clinical skills. There are a lot of courses within this degree that do not feel relevant to our future careers. Ultimately, it feels like we're wasting money on these courses (e.g. math, physics and chemistry courses have little to no relation to vision or the eye). Furthermore, the program does not focus on the pathways that this degree can offer. Most students only understand the clinical Optometrist route and have no understanding of research, the commercial, virtual reality and public health space. I think having a pool of courses that students can choose from (majors, minors), might be better for this degree. Also, there aren't many opportunities to build on our practical skills and implement them in the workforce. I am currently enrolled in Work Integrated Learning and it is very unorganised (maybe since the program is fairly new). More specifically, I am in Week 3 and have not been paired with an organisation yet. These programs require a lot more refining.
Stimulating work. The way course is run -many of them release stuff too late.
The online classes were very helpful to manage university and personal commitments. UNSW course material is very advanced sometimes in comparison to other universities, which requires more time to understand. However, with trimesters, course content is delivered very fast which makes students difficult to keep up. Assessment task numbers should be moderated.
INFS3020.
The ability to start experiencing the research environment and access to chemistry labs and equipment. Teaching from certain academics/ demonstrators being too harsh/ not supportive.
The lectures. Lectures being online.
COMP1531 introducing work related skills was very helpful for when I go to get an internship. The environment that course sets up is very conducive to real work as a computer engineer, although I feel it could have been introduced more slowly.COMP1511 was very fun and interactive, although I feel in its case, as well as for COMP1521, more encouragement should given to students to start assignments early. Encouraging students to get started on assignments early, and specifically for COMP1531, introducing students to Ubuntu and WSL in a more structured way.
The actually career directed parts. Assessments that didn't just feel like throwaway ones that related to the course content. Parts that taught me something new beyond just theory. Probably some parts that just feel like filler content, aspects that feel like they are just added to complete the final weeks of a course. Sometimes courses go on tangents which is bizarre. Specify the difference between this course is the Bachelor of Psychological Science one? I still don't know the difference.
The closeknit community, good lecturers, structured courses, variety of teaching modes. Revision resources.
Definitely being pushed to get an internship to graduate, I think it gives students motivation to actually try to get one earlier on which is very helpful for course work. Group assignments need to be monitored or regulated better. It is very unfair that some members barely get penalised for not putting in the work (maybe like 1/2 marks less than the rest of the group) and other members get stressed for doing most of it.
communication, sometimes even tutors dont even know what is happening.
One of the best aspects of the Bachelor of Landscape Architecture (Honours) program has been the way the tutors and course convenors design assignments that directly relate to real-world industry practices. It really bridges the gap between theory and application. I also appreciate how the complexity of the coursework progresses, allowing me to build my skills over time. Additionally, working alongside individuals who have industry experience has been invaluable, offering insights and perspectives that enhance my learning experience. One area that could benefit from improvement in the Bachelor of Landscape Architecture (Honours) program is the need for a more structured pipeline guiding students towards real-world industry placement. Having clearer resources that explain how what we learn applies to industry practices would be really valuable. Additionally, more detailed insights into the current job market and practical guidance on how to enter the industry would help bridge the gap between academic learning and professional development.
Introducing me to scientific practices and work and challenging me to think analytically. There is too much content trying to be covered in courses across both physics and maths, especially within a 10-week span. I've struggled to keep up with the content since my first year, despite being passionate about physics. This is part of the reason I won't be graduating with the Science half of my double degree.
Group projects and project based learning.
Integrating uni life into my weekly routine, and allowing myself to comfortably balance studies, social life and work life. Doing the labs with expensive and large electrical equipment is exciting.
Collaboration with team members to achieve tasks and develop my group work. Alignment to ADF requirements. Less focus on random subjects for example "managing businesses across cultures" and "sustainable development".
The new tech upgrades to the laboratory have been amazing. The computers and experimental devices have really improved the learning experience. Lectures. The lectures are often 2 hours and even with a 10 minute break in the middle it is hard to remain concentrated for that long. Lecture slides are also often filled with too much information.
Math teacher. Mechanics of machines course.
Learning how to apply scientific concepts to daily life. Too short, not enough time to go through all the content at times, feels rushed towards the end.
Results driven courses and engaging lecture material. More options and flexibility regarding course structure.
Improved problem solving skills. Internship opportunities.
Having certain lecturers who genuinely care about your learning. Some have actively made effort for us to understand the topics and participate in class discussion. Consistency between class structures. Some classes don't require class attendance or participation and some classes have 20% final grade mark on it.
Getting a job for real experience. Get rid of us learning planning theory and old academic texts as they are not at all relevant. I think that it would be more worthwhile to learn more about the actual job and focus on that more.
I've really enjoyed the trimester system which gives you more opportunity to study things you would never consider bc the freedom the extra electives give you. The teaching staff are always super helpful and try their utmost for their students. Working conditions for teaching staff, particularly tutors. For instance, many said they were afraid to hold discussions with content that may see them reported and lose their job. Moreover, other tutors reported that if we didn't do really good they would lose their jobs, which was disheartening to hear. Sometimes the lack of community is a real downer, it tends to feel like a job you'd clock in and out of, rather than a place one goes to enrich themselves and broaden their networks (in a non law/ econ way; where they do it just for financial/ career benefit).
often assessments feel very simplistic and easy, don't encourage significant understanding of course content-tutorials can feel sometimes tangentially related to content.
The best parts of my Bachelor of Arts degree at ADFA is the opportunity to study fields that really interest me. In particular the chance to study history of warfare, which has also sparked my curiosity. My personal belief on improving the course, is restoring where ever possible, the chance to use physical paper to answer course assignments instead of having everything online. I feel technology is pervasive as it is and should not inhibit my ability to respond to assessments in my preferred method.
Group projects. Facilities, clear direction.
The integrated first year (IFY) was very good in giving me an overview of all the different disciplines under the Commerce program. This was a huge help in deciding which major I wanted to pursue. At times, the first year subjects seemed a bit unclear and lacked direction or clarity onto how they may translate into skills I can use in the future.
Anatomy practicals and clinical skills sessions. Scenario group sessions.
Student group workHands-on stuff. Be planned and inform students ahead of time on what to expect. The handbooks are basically empty and d offer any information.
Learning new scientific content of which greatly aids me in preparing for my any practical opportunities. Organisation and consistency of content in certain courses.
The assignments have been well structured to make you learn the content and there are lots of resources for if you are struggling.
Talking with people, making friends. Needs more history courses for ancient history - need to expand the ancient history course.
The society Avsoc activities and problem skills learning. Lectures from most classes and how assignments are measured. Exams should not way 50.
Real world application.
The practical laboratory classes. Online delivery of content, slides are adjusted and sometimes all over the place.
The program structure.
Mathematical modelling and critical thinking. Also engagement with talented professors doing research in the fields they're teaching about. Varies greatly by subject, but teaching quality. For introductory econometrics and financial economics, I had tutors with poor English and poorer knowledge (my econometrics tutor said she couldn't explain p-values and we should read the textbook). Sometimes, however, really excellent. For subjects that gloss over rigorous detail though, I've found the tutors unqualified and totally uninterested in any extensions to what they're teaching, which has been a great disappointment.
